"V1"
"1" "Problem is all NDA allies in respective states are now very insecure about BJP’s growing stature and footprint in their respective state."
"2" "In current situation for BJP and Narendra Modi it is like ‘If you give him a inch he will get a yard’."
"3" "TDP wants to secure its vote bank. In 2019 AP Assembly and Lok Sabha elections TDPs main competitor for vote share will be not be Congress or YSRCP but BJP and Chandra Babu Naidu understands this very well."
"4" "Now Naidu and TDP just had to find something which will motivate all Andhra people but something which BJP cannot do or agree for Andhra Pradesh and what could have been better than Special Status for Andra Pradesh ?"
"5" "Naidu knows very well that BJP cannot approve Special Status under the current constitutional framework. hence his plan is to form a revolution in AP for special status and as BJP is unable to approve it, the whole anger of AP voters will go against BJP government as well as voter will line-up behind TDP."
"6" "Special Status is given to States which are low on resources, has difficult terrain, has sparse population, which do not have enough revenue sources to sustain its own development."
"7" "Current list of States which have Special Status are Assam, Nagaland, Jammu & Kashmir, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Uttarakhand, Tripura, Himachal Pradesh, and Sikkim all these states fit in above criteria.[1]"
"8" "Andhra Pradesh problem is, it got divided into two states Telengana and AP and Hyderabad like big city went to Telengana. So the revenue source of AP has reduced drastically at present."
"9" "4000 crore package was granted and given to Andhra Pradesh out these 4000 crore now only 138 crore are left with Center. So if additional funds are needed than Chandra Babu should put up his strong case. And not just ask for Special Status. What AP need is funds and support from center to get out of these financial crisis. Center has already agreed to give special package to AP. Also center will pay 90% cost of all centeral schemes normally it is less than 60%. Chandara Babu should negotiate more funds and ask to reduce tax share given to center and put all his terms. Demanding Special Status in which AP doesn't fit or entitled does not make any sense."
"10" "What Naidu should be asking is some special package and not the Special Status."
"11" "Andhra Pradesh does not have difficult terrain, AP has enough resources, AP has sizable population, AP does not meet the criteria for Special Status by any means."
"12" "Approving special status for Andhra Pradesh means all other states will start demanding special status which is not legitimate and new politics will start in all states for special package which will create further problems for central government."
"13" "BJP Government in center has already agreed for Special package for limited time period [2] till Andhra Pradesh get on its own but now Chandra Babu Naidu has turned stubborn and mainly for political reasons."
"14" "Asking for ‘Special Status’ for Andhra Pradesh, is like asking for Permanent Disabled status and benefits for a temporary fractured person."
"15" "By asking for ‘Special Status’ TDP and Chandra Babu Naidu has accepted their own incapability to see through Andhra Pradesh from this financial crises."
"16" "However, there is every chance of this plan going against TDP, as people of Andhra with high self esteem would never want their state to be tagged as permanent disabled state. YSRCP will definitely get advantage of this. BJP just has to tap one of this party in NDA post 2019 Elections"
"17" "Thank you for A2A !"
