"V1"
"1" "No. because BABU doesn’t want the post and any position in central politics. But there is chance if he participates. Long answer I am going to add some unknown facts of Babu."
"2" "People of Andhra doesn’t want him to become pm. Because there is nobody better than him to fill his place as cm of AP. And he will develop other states regardless of political gain unlike modi-shaw."
"3" "Babu personally said multiple times on television that he is not interested in national politics. And affirmed that he is not interested in PM post."
"4" "KCR wouldn’t support him. Although majority of Telangana rational people support him. KCR hates CM babu to the fullest not more than modi though."
"5" "Surprisingly Babu have the support of Mukesh ambani the richest man of India."
"6" "Babu has very good relations with former BJP heads like L.K.Advani and honorable Mr. Vajpayee but I believe these two won’t go against their own party nevertheless they have good place in their heart for Babu."
"7" "There is a solid chance and evidence that Babu is the decider of 2019 PM. If the 3rd front or federal front wins. I guess he might choose either venkayya naidu or somebody who has the best interest in southern India development."
"8" "Although venkayya’s candidacy depends on venkayya’s devotion towards bjp. Venkayya tried to do good and justice for AP that is why modi removed him from cabinet and pushed Venkayya into a pretty much puppet position without any actual powers."
"9" "Besides, modi has Tamil Nadu in his pocket. The AIAMDK has sold their power to modi for personal gain. If DMK wins the election then there is a chance for Babu or 3rd Front."
"10" "The current DMK president Stalin is openly supportive of CM Babu. So Tamilanadu has potential support for babu"
"11" "Kerala situation cannot be said out loud because of a communication gap between Kerala and andhra. But i heard people of Kerala are angrier on Modi govt and they are tired of north hatred towards south."
"12" "Also Babu has some influence in Kerala elite. He might get their support."
"13" "Karnataka has higher telugu population than Kerala and the current CM of karnataka is supportive of Babu even though he is from congress."
"14" "Only TRS is anti-babu but they will support Babu for huge bargains."
"15" "Modi-Shaw the two evils of Andhra will do every thing in their power to destroy babu. They will spread fake news, rumors, play political stunts with political prostitutes like Pavan kalyan and YCP vijayasai reddy but in the end they can’t hurt babu in southern India."
"16" "Lot of you don’t know that babu got PM position offered to him twice in the past. Once from the BJP lead NDA Link is below for proof."
"17" "The biggest surprise in the above sentence was our current finance minister mr. Arun jaitely ,our Minister of external affairs madam Sushma swaraj , our vice president Venkayya naidu and our former deputy PM mr. L.K.Advani are the supporters for babu’s PM candidacy at that time"
"18" "BJP and modi bhakt organization times of India has reported the above news."
"19" "ChandraBabu has good ties with foreign degnotories too. Prince Abudhabhi was invited to AP by babu but f****g modi blocked it.The same goes with Singapore and Japan."
"20" "Modi has personal grudge on babu. Because chandra babu is the first chief minister in the BJP lead alliance to go against modi during gujarat riots. Babu almost made modi to resign cm of Gujarat advani and pramod mahajan saved modi’s skin."
"21" "The prime reason Babu not getting invite for Hyderabad mega forum was modi specific instructions to KCR that Hyderabad will get the event only if Babu is not invited."
"22" "Lot of northerns may have forgotten that Babu invited ex Potus Bill Clinton to Hyderabad. unlike f****g modi not a single important foreign dignotory visited south India. Clinton wrote a thank you letter to Babu and business people of Hyderabad then capital of AndhraPradesh."
"23" "all of them gone to Gujarath and mumbai except to Iran president Rouhani"
"24" "The owner and PC indutry revolutionist Mr. Bill Gates has very good relation with Babu this is not the case with any other state CMs. He visited vizag during the global entrepreneurship. Bill gates’s Microsoft is the first among the IT giants to incorporate in Hyderabad. all credit goes to babu."
"25" "Many of you don’t know that Babu won south asian of the year by people choice in 1999. Not like modi’s purchased time magazine award but a genuine one."
"26" "He brought Kia motors to Andhra. When modi pushed too hard for it to go to gujarat."
"27" "There are more than 20 companies established in Sri city which is a planned manufacturing hub and industrial city in andhra pradesh."
"28" "He brought a bare-bone state into 11% gdp state in just 4 years. and placing AP 7th place in India in nominal GDP for the fiscal year 2018–19"
"29" "He made power-cuts disappear with 24hour power supply. And made Andra pradesh a pioneer in solar power."
"30" "Andhra Pradesh ranked best and no1 in ease of doing business in India under his ruling. world-bank and niti ayog said this."
"31" "He is the creator of this tech lotus. as well as making Hyderabad a pharma hub. he is trying to do the same in AP aswell."
"32" "Below are sources :"
"33" "Chandrababu Naidu emerges NDA’s standby PM candidate - Times of India"
"34" "Declined Prime Minister's Post In 1990's On Son's Advice: Chandrababu Naidu"
"35" "http://www.dailypioneer.com/nati..."
"36" "Naidu not in race for PM post"
"37" "Mukesh Ambani all praise for CM Naidu’s foresight"
"38" "Bill gates praises babu in 2002."
"39" "When Chandrababu Naidu and Bill Gates's 10-minute meeting lasted for 45"
"40" "ASIANOW - TIME Asia"
"41" "The World’s Largest Solar Park - Kurnool, India"
"42" "Absence of Chandrababu Naidu, Architect of Hi-tech Hyderabad, From GES Sets Tongues Wagging"
"43" "Kia Motors to sign MOU with Andhra Pradesh to build manufacturing facility"
"44" "https://timesofindia.indiatimes...."
"45" "Hero MotoCorp to invest <U+20B9>1,600 cr in AP facility; foundation stone laid"
"46" "List of Indian and international companies in Sri City SEZ near Tada in Nellore district"
"47" "Is Chennai losing out to SriCity?"
"48" "Economy of Andhra Pradesh - Wikipedia"
"49" "Andhra, Telangana, Gujarat best in ease of doing business: NITI CEO - Firstpost"
"50" "Chandrababu inaugurates pharma unit in Srikakulam dist"
"51" "Four pharma clusters to be set up in State: Chandrababu Naidu"
"52" "BJP allies unhappy over Gujarat riots - Times of India"
"53" "Modi's mentality not acceptable in India: Chandrababu"
"54" "Would Chandrababu Naidu make a good PM?"
"55" "What would India be like if Chandrababu Naidu was the PM of India during 1995-2004?"
"56" "What is the general opinion of Chandrababu Naidu in India?"
"57" "Did Chandra Babu Naidu really betray NTR?"
"58" "Who is a better CM: Chandrababu Naidu or Arvind Kejriwal?"
"59" "How will India be if Chandrababu Naidu becomes PM?"
"60" "Is Andhra CM Chandrababu Naidu corrupt?"
"61" "Why is Mr. Modi keeping distance from Chandrababu Naidu?"
"62" "What if Nishchay Patel becomes PM?"
"63" "Did AP CM Chandrababu Naidu commit a mistake by getting out of the NDA? What are the mistakes of Chandrababu Naidu?"
"64" "Why did Chandrababu Naidu become so anti-Modi?"
"65" "How many times did Chandrababu Naidu become CM?"
"66" "Why has Chandrababu Naidu chosen \"Amaravati\" as the capital of Andhra Pradesh?"
"67" "Did Gandhi want Nehru to become PM?"
"68" "Did PM Modi have one quality to become a PM?"
"69" "What is Modi afraid of Chandrababu Naidu?"
"70" "Why is Modi troubling Chandrababu Naidu?"
"71" "Is Andhra Pradesh developing under Chandrababu Naidu?"
"72" "What company does Chandrababu Naidu have?"
"73" "Why isn't Modi supporting AP and Chandrababu Naidu?"
"74" "Would Chandrababu Naidu make a good PM?"
"75" "What would India be like if Chandrababu Naidu was the PM of India during 1995-2004?"
"76" "What is the general opinion of Chandrababu Naidu in India?"
"77" "Did Chandra Babu Naidu really betray NTR?"
"78" "Who is a better CM: Chandrababu Naidu or Arvind Kejriwal?"
"79" "How will India be if Chandrababu Naidu becomes PM?"
"80" "Is Andhra CM Chandrababu Naidu corrupt?"
"81" "Why is Mr. Modi keeping distance from Chandrababu Naidu?"
"82" "What if Nishchay Patel becomes PM?"
"83" "Did AP CM Chandrababu Naidu commit a mistake by getting out of the NDA? What are the mistakes of Chandrababu Naidu?"
"84" "Naidu`s TDP has walked out of NDA. So there is no question of his becoming PM as a partner of NDA. Also note that seniority is no essential qualification to become either a CM or PM. Political smartness and vote-getting charisma do count, not seniority. Did not Modi pip Advani, the senior-most leader in the BJP, at the post of PM? When Advani was at pinnacle of his political career, Modi was a mere chaiwala as claimed by him.Do not even dream that Naidu can match Modi in economic power. Or do you insinuate that Naidu is corruptive? Currently BJP is the richest party in India and companies are vying with one another in funding and currying favor with the BJP, nay, Modi. But Modi has his favorites. So when it comes to money-power, Modi leads Naidu by miles. And also on Party level, TDP is a regional party and BJP is a national party. Regarding oratory skills in Hindi, Naidu is no match to Modi.On individual level Naidu is better than Modi. He is a good administrator. He is secular and not a religious fanatic. Also he is quick-witted and has a good grasp of issues. I do not think these qualities do matter now. The atmosphere is so vitiated in the north that people consider secularism as a dirty word. I have come across many educated people from the north who dirty secularism.BJP has so vitiated the atmosphere that secularism is no catch-word for winning elections. Failure of BJP on economic front and its failure to create jobs could upset BJP in the elections. To offset this handicap, BJP may engineer riots against the Muslims or shift attention to Indo-Pak border. I will not be surprised if war erupts.In spite of all these, if the combined opposition wins the 2019 election and if Rahul is not a contender then in that scenario there are chances for Naidu. In my view Naidu, Chandrasekhara Rao of TRS, Sharad Pawar and Mamta will be the right candidates but Congress may bring in a dark horse to the race to the PM post.However, determination of Naidu`s entry-level qualification, lay with Reddy. Will Naidu win AP elections beating Jaganmohan Reddy? Will Reddy be Naidu`s nemesis?"
"85" "Naidu`s TDP has walked out of NDA. So there is no question of his becoming PM as a partner of NDA. Also note that seniority is no essential qualification to become either a CM or PM. Political smartness and vote-getting charisma do count, not seniority. Did not Modi pip Advani, the senior-most leader in the BJP, at the post of PM? When Advani was at pinnacle of his political career, Modi was a mere chaiwala as claimed by him."
"86" "Do not even dream that Naidu can match Modi in economic power. Or do you insinuate that Naidu is corruptive? Currently BJP is the richest party in India and companies are vying with one another in funding and currying favor with the BJP, nay, Modi. But Modi has his favorites. So when it comes to money-power, Modi leads Naidu by miles. And also on Party level, TDP is a regional party and BJP is a national party. Regarding oratory skills in Hindi, Naidu is no match to Modi."
"87" "On individual level Naidu is better than Modi. He is a good administrator. He is secular and not a religious fanatic. Also he is quick-witted and has a good grasp of issues. I do not think these qualities do matter now. The atmosphere is so vitiated in the north that people consider secularism as a dirty word. I have come across many educated people from the north who dirty secularism."
"88" "BJP has so vitiated the atmosphere that secularism is no catch-word for winning elections. Failure of BJP on economic front and its failure to create jobs could upset BJP in the elections. To offset this handicap, BJP may engineer riots against the Muslims or shift attention to Indo-Pak border. I will not be surprised if war erupts."
"89" "In spite of all these, if the combined opposition wins the 2019 election and if Rahul is not a contender then in that scenario there are chances for Naidu. In my view Naidu, Chandrasekhara Rao of TRS, Sharad Pawar and Mamta will be the right candidates but Congress may bring in a dark horse to the race to the PM post."
"90" "However, determination of Naidu`s entry-level qualification, lay with Reddy. Will Naidu win AP elections beating Jaganmohan Reddy? Will Reddy be Naidu`s nemesis?"
"91" "Absolutely not. Going by that logic a lot of members in the current BJP are more senior and economically powerful that Mr. Narendra Modi. To become PM you will require an conditional support of the party MPs. If at all I assume that Mr. Chandrababu Naidu suddenly becomes so dynamic that he becomes the prince charming of the media and the industrialists then I believe that yes, he can become PM. And if at all he becomes something like this there is nothing wrong in him becoming the PM."
"92" "Of late Chandrababu Naidu has been taking interest in central politics. Pobably he is taking a cue from his bete noire KCR of Telengana who has ambition of becoming the PM. Probably he too has intention of placing his son in the stae s CM while he is the PM of at the center. How far it is probable need study."
"93" "Chandrababu Naidu is not a trust worthy leader. He has history of overthrowing his own mentor and Father-in-law from the seat of power. He is cold blooded. He is also most dangerous and capable of dumping any one or any body for the sake of power."
"94" "He is trying to bring together all the opposition leaders together under ‘alliance of Compulsion’ art the behest of Rahul. May be he may even dump Rahul. Rahul need to be extra cautious."
"95" "If CBN is projected as official one to lead the opposition alliance, it can be as good as a wash out for the opposition. CBN is not known beyond AP, and his candidature will be opposed lock, stock and barrel in the north. It will be a sure victory for BJP and NDA. Hence he will keep the leadership under wrap."
"96" "CBN is very unpopular in AP as of now. It is doubtful that he may even retain the present position. It is believed that he may lose heavily. Hence he may not be able to win more than half a dozen MP seats in the stqate. With 6 seats he cannot claim to be PM even if the opposition gets majority."
"97" "Having been in NDA several times, opposition do not trust him completely. Rahul and Sonia failed to form a mahagathbandhan. Where they failed he cnnot succeed."
"98" "Mayavati who has better chances of securing more than 50 seats has a greater chances of leading the opposition if they get majority. CBN is the weakest link for PM."
"99" "Whether there is mahagathbandhan or not the opposition can never get majority in 2019. The question of CBN being projected as PM do not arise."
"100" "Will you support Chandrababu Naidu for the PM post during the 2019 Lok Sabha election?"
"101" "Which party would get majority seats in 2019 Lok Sabha elections?"
"102" "What is your view on Chandrababu Naidu as a PM candidate for the 2019 election?"
"103" "Which party will win the 2019 Kanpur Lok Sabha elections?"
"104" "When are the 2019 Lok Sabha Polls?"
"105" "Who would be the most suitable candidate for Congress to portray as PM candidate for 2019 Lol Sabha elections?"
"106" "What will be the Kerala Lok Sabha 2019 verdict?"
"107" "Does BJP take risk of Lok Sabha election before 2019?"
"108" "How does winning poll elections in U.P affect 2019 Lok Sabha elections?"
"109" "What are the implications of 2018 Vidhan Sabha election results on 2019 Lok Sabha elections?"
"110" "Will you vote for Modi in 2019 Lok Sabha election?"
"111" "Who will be the PM candidate of Mahagathbandahan in the Lok Sabha elections of 2019?"
"112" "Who will be the candidate for Congress for the 2019 Lok Sabha election?"
"113" "How many times have Atal Ji won Lok Sabha election?"
"114" "Will Chandrababu Naidu win in the 2019 elections?"
"115" "Who will win Lok Sabha Elections 2014?"
"116" "Who can vote in Lok Sabha elections?"
"117" "How are the Lok Sabha elections?"
"118" "When was Lok Sabha originated?"
"119" "Can BJP do well in West Bengal Lok Sabha elections?"
"120" "Will you support Chandrababu Naidu for the PM post during the 2019 Lok Sabha election?"
"121" "Which party would get majority seats in 2019 Lok Sabha elections?"
"122" "What is your view on Chandrababu Naidu as a PM candidate for the 2019 election?"
"123" "Which party will win the 2019 Kanpur Lok Sabha elections?"
"124" "When are the 2019 Lok Sabha Polls?"
"125" "Who would be the most suitable candidate for Congress to portray as PM candidate for 2019 Lol Sabha elections?"
"126" "What will be the Kerala Lok Sabha 2019 verdict?"
"127" "Does BJP take risk of Lok Sabha election before 2019?"
"128" "How does winning poll elections in U.P affect 2019 Lok Sabha elections?"
"129" "What are the implications of 2018 Vidhan Sabha election results on 2019 Lok Sabha elections?"
"130" "What is your view on Chandrababu Naidu as a PM candidate for the 2019 election?"
"131" "For those who aren’t aware of his view, he has openly stated he is not interested in any post at the Centre. He has been asked several times about his interest in becoming the Prime Minister, he has shown no interest in it.Here are reasons why:Chandrababu Naidu is one of the senior-most leaders in India. However, barring South, he does not have influence over other parts of India.Despite having chances of him forming a Third Front and leading it from the front, he wouldn’t take the risk. REASON: The federal front or the third front currently has leaders who are anti-Modi. However, not every party which is currently part of the front is an ally to the TDP. Having Congress as a part of this front and Sonia, Chandrababu Naidu will not take a chance in projecting himself as their head. (Ideologically, TDP and Congress are on the opposite sides).While his administration and governance capabilities are unmatched, he would rather focus his energies on Andhra Pradesh post-bifurcation and set an example, rather than trying for the PM race. REASON: Politically too, focussing on AP works well in his favour because he has credibility and support. If he focuses on PM-post, his party might lose its home (the Telugu states). Rather than eyeing whole of India, if you save what you have and make it a model for the rest of the country, the others will come to AP, eventually. That is how he thinks.Therefore, while he is a great administrator, he will not take the risk of running for the PM post, with AP being the centre of his party & government’s survival."
"132" "For those who aren’t aware of his view, he has openly stated he is not interested in any post at the Centre. He has been asked several times about his interest in becoming the Prime Minister, he has shown no interest in it."
"133" "Here are reasons why:"
"134" "Therefore, while he is a great administrator, he will not take the risk of running for the PM post, with AP being the centre of his party & government’s survival."
"135" "If Chandrababu Naidu becomes PM and stays in power up to 2030, what would India be?"
"136" "Is Chandrababu Naidu rallying the opposition to become the next PM of India?"
"137" "Do you think Chandrababu Naidu can be a better candidate for prime minister from the opposition?"
"138" "What is the PM candidates’ list for the 2019 elections of India, and who will become the PM?"
"139" "When is the new PM election in 2019?"
"140" "Will PM Modi contest as a PM candidate in 2019 knowing writing on the wall?"
"141" "Who would be the most suitable candidate for Congress to portray as PM candidate for 2019 Lol Sabha elections?"
"142" "Who is your preferred PM candidate in the 2019 Indian loksabha election?"
"143" "What will happen if M. K. Stalin is elected as the PM in the 2019 elections?"
"144" "Who will be the better choice for PM from UPA for winning the 2019 election?"
"145" "Who can be the best candidate for PM from congress in 2019 elections?"
"146" "What is the security of Chandrababu Naidu?"
"147" "Why does Chandrababu Naidu not go on a hunger strike for special status? After all, Chandrababu Naidu only cares about the 2019 elections at p..."
"148" "Who is your PM choice for 2019 elections?"
"149" "Who can be the best PM candidate from Congress in 2019 election?"
"150" "Will Chandrababu Naidu be a better alternative as the opposition’s PM Candidate as opposed to Rahul Gandhi?"
"151" "Would Chandrababu Naidu make a good PM?"
"152" "Will Chandrababu Naidu win the next election?"
"153" "What is the future of Chandrababu Naidu?"
"154" "How can we make Chandrababu Naidu the next PM of India?"
"155" "If Chandrababu Naidu becomes PM and stays in power up to 2030, what would India be?"
"156" "Is Chandrababu Naidu rallying the opposition to become the next PM of India?"
"157" "Do you think Chandrababu Naidu can be a better candidate for prime minister from the opposition?"
"158" "What is the PM candidates’ list for the 2019 elections of India, and who will become the PM?"
"159" "When is the new PM election in 2019?"
"160" "Will PM Modi contest as a PM candidate in 2019 knowing writing on the wall?"
"161" "Who would be the most suitable candidate for Congress to portray as PM candidate for 2019 Lol Sabha elections?"
"162" "Who is your preferred PM candidate in the 2019 Indian loksabha election?"
"163" "What will happen if M. K. Stalin is elected as the PM in the 2019 elections?"
"164" "Who will be the better choice for PM from UPA for winning the 2019 election?"
"165" "No way, he is arrogant who toppled his own father in law government (NTR) for power way back when NTR was 3rd time CM of United Andhra Pradesh."
"166" "He is liked only in Andhra, In Telangana his own Party aligned with Cong and his vote share also not good which is 3rd or 4th. Telangana people doesn’t like him."
"167" "But hypothetically if i put it you never know or trust the voters if regional parties gets upper hand in 2019 Parliament election, with Mahagathbandhan its possible? for money and power indian parties can do anything."
"168" "Yes"
"169" "Mr Chandrababu Naidu is a leader having ability to handle the PM’s Post very well."
"170" "In the past, except for Sri Narasimha Rao and Mr Deve Gowda no south Indian had become the Prime Minister of India."
"171" "Good joke, first ask him to speak against modi…he can't even dare to speak against him and how would u imagine that he will contest against him"
"172" "Regional political parties can not make it possible to form a government at centre. It is something like a wild goose chase."
"173" "Once you delve into the past anecdotes of past coalition governments , they would insist that smooth hassle free governance is unlikely to happen for a smooth administration."
"174" "Regional parties are expected to concentrate on their own states concerned and need to develop their own infrastructure ."
"175" "Surprisingly both BJP and Telugu Desam party formed into a pact and contested in 2014 state assembly elections ."
"176" "What exactly happened in between between BJP and Telugu Desam Party is unknown and mysterious. It is part of a political game."
"177" "What exactly both parties have promised related to special status and othet perks before assembly polls have not yet been materialized to date. It is just a year to go. As such everything seems to be out of order."
"178" "Funnily the Prime Minister questions Congress after 4 years and Chandra babu naidu questions the opposition party YSR congress for the government shortcomings and weaknesses by keeping the future polls. It is something like a warcry."
"179" "Both BJP at centre and TDP at Amaravati are deliberately held responsible and answerable to the public concerned."
"180" "Too many cooks spoil the broth .This. is what it is happening in Tamilnadu as well."
"181" "One thing is for sure Modi is highly perturbed by South Indian states as his political acumen turns into a spoilsport."
"182" "I conclude that Chandra Babu Naidu finds it very difficult to accept the truth of forming a stable government at centre."
"183" "Dreams really inspire us but it is the reality that matters."
"184" "If people think speaking in Hindi fluently makes a better PM, definitely no"
"185" "if people think of improving thier living standards in terms of health, education, employment, HDI - happiness development index, transparency in government, real time governance, corruption less government, data oriented ruling, he would definitely be good PM, he already doing that in AP"
"186" "1100 - it's a call center where people of AP can call to this number for any greviances, 2000 employees working in this and resolving issues reported by people of andhra Pradesh."
"187" "https://www.google.co.in/url?sa=..."
"188" "CM core dashboard:- look at below dashboard which all departments are integrated and updating real time data, similar to any corporate office dashboard"
"189" "http://core.ap.gov.in/CMDashBoar..."
"190" "RTGS- real time governance is first introduced in AP, proud to be andhraite"
"191" "Latest News in Hyderabad, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh"
"192" "AP CM Naidu has done dream in to reality by linking godavari and Krishna and utilized 100tmc water which was flowing in to sea"
"193" "Pattiseema Lift Irrigation Project - Wikipedia"
"194" "AP's temporary secreteriat is just built in 9 months time, you can look at the size of it in Google or in any archived news"
"195" "All public welfare scheme's are being distributed by help of technology - AADHAAR"
"196" "List includes -"
"197" "Pensions for 42 laks people, rations ( rice, sugar)for around 2 crores people approx via AADHAAR"
"198" "Two CII meets held in AP and third one is going to be in AP again in this week, many companies are in pipeline to AP, mou's signed and wip."
"199" "Googlex is starting thier second office in AP vizag, after US"
"200" "Ashok Leyland has been started in AP"
"201" "Block chain technology would be used to save all govt records, you can look in to those news in Google ,"
"202" "Many more achievements to be listed, will do it as and when I get time"
"203" "If any who thinks modi is only one person who is working 16 hours in a day , you guys are wrong, we have our cm working more than him for welfare of our state,"
"204" "Swachbharat, housing for poor, and all these initiates were first introduced by CBN and NTR during 1983 to 2003. Scheme name was Janmabhoomi. Don't forget that he was named as CEO of AP, because of some shrewd politicians In AP who played some caste and hate politics, he was out of power in 2004, otherwise AP would have been the richest state."
