"V1"
"1" "NO"
"2" "I don't people of Andhra Pradesh are fools to give absolute majority to him without proving his mettle , someone can quote MGR and NTR as example, gone all those days guys where there were no alternative to the Congress,"
"3" "Mgr- mainly supported by dravidian movement leaders and fact is majority people were against Gandhi and hindiHindi"
"4" "Ntr- Telugu people were not given fair chances and one word they took very seriously is self respect"
"5" "Now it is very different scenario, he should prove he is better than CBN and jagan, how will he prove it, he should at least roam every village and town in Andhra to identify local problems, issues and should come out vth some solutions which are feasible and the same should be believed by people, how long it takes for this to happen, if he continues to be a part time politician , it will take 10 to 15 years, so he should quit movies rite away and concentrate on politics from ground level so at least he would give good competition in 2024."
"6" "Why should people vote for him?"
"7" "What is his experience?"
"8" "What are his qualifications?"
"9" "Is he inspiring leader? If yes how"
"10" "Is he pro comminist? If yes why? Pls dont comment stating he read che guevera books :-)"
"11" "If he supports communism then he should support naxalism, will he do that? So he want his fans to become anti social elements?"
"12" "Why didn't he question when his brother is doing unethical politics? He still campaigned, why did he do that?"
"13" "Speaking against North Indian given chance in ttd, will he get enough support from Central?"
"14" "He feel ashamed of going to modi and ask about special status , so he will retain his ego to any extent but he will not compromise for benefit of state?"
"15" "What stand does he have on freebies to people? Why?"
"16" "As a communist sympathiser he would offer freebies, but does he get answers for questions like economy development by finincial analyzers"
"17" "Whom does he allocate tickets, does he allocate to ultra rich in his circle like pvp etc,so his statement of pro communism is contadicted"
"18" "As a common person I had these questions, just imagine questions from politicians and other analysts , so I doubt that he would even be a competitor in future."
"19" "If he makes his stand clear in every aspect and move forward with no ambiguity, he will succeed"
"20" "Can Pawan Kalyan be the next chief minister?"
"21" "Would you support Pawan Kalyan in 2019 elections in Andhra Pradesh? Why and Why Not?"
"22" "Who will become CM of Andhra Pradesh in 2019, Pawan Kalyan, Jagan, or CBN?"
"23" "Is Pawan Kalyan over-hyped?"
"24" "What will happen if Pawan Kalyan becomes CM?"
"25" "What will be the impact of Pawan Kalyan in the 2019 elections?"
"26" "Can Pawan Kalyan make a difference in the 2019 elections?"
"27" "How many seats will Pawan Kalyan’s Jana Sena party win in the 2019 election?"
"28" "Who is Pawan Kalyan?"
"29" "Who would be the CM of Andhra Pradesh in 2019?"
"30" "What will be the effect of Pawan Kalyan's party in 2019 elections in AP & TS?"
"31" "Will Pawan Kalyan succeed in his political venture?"
"32" "Will the BJP win the Indian elections in 2019?"
"33" "What will Pawan Kalyan’s role be in the 2019 elections?"
"34" "How can Pawan Kalyan become chief minister in the future?"
"35" "What makes Pawan Kalyan so special?"
"36" "Will Pawan Kalyan become chief minister?"
"37" "Will Pawan Kalyan get Padmabhushan?"
"38" "Can Pawan Kalyan become chief minister for Andhra Pradesh? If not, how many Assembly seats will he get at least?"
"39" "What would happen if Pawan Kalyan becomes the AP CM in 2019?"
"40" "Can Pawan Kalyan be the next chief minister?"
"41" "Would you support Pawan Kalyan in 2019 elections in Andhra Pradesh? Why and Why Not?"
"42" "Who will become CM of Andhra Pradesh in 2019, Pawan Kalyan, Jagan, or CBN?"
"43" "Is Pawan Kalyan over-hyped?"
"44" "What will happen if Pawan Kalyan becomes CM?"
"45" "What will be the impact of Pawan Kalyan in the 2019 elections?"
"46" "Can Pawan Kalyan make a difference in the 2019 elections?"
"47" "How many seats will Pawan Kalyan’s Jana Sena party win in the 2019 election?"
"48" "Who is Pawan Kalyan?"
"49" "Who would be the CM of Andhra Pradesh in 2019?"
"50" "Who is Pavan Kalyan? That on-screen buffoon in Telugu movies? If you are referring to him, then, no, Sorry."
"51" "Many celluloid heroes in Tollywood have dabbled in politics, after receiving some success and building a fan base. NTR was not the first Telugu celluloid hero to enter politics but he was surely the one and only successful one from that industry. Rest of them were also ran and it is highly likely anyone else can actually replicate NTR’s success. So we saw many of them … Krishna, Mohan Babu, Harikrishna, Jamuna, and finally Chiranjeevi. Chiranjeevi is an example of how bad life could be for a celluloid hero-turned-politician. He was so reviled that he lost the election in his own constituency."
"52" "Pawan Kalyan, his younger brother has now thrown his hat into he ring. In the last election he did campaign for the TDP-BJP alliance, which went on to win the elections. However, since then he has just been ignored. He is no match to the wily CBN and I am sure, Modi does not ecen remember him though he shared the dais with both these leaders during the election. Pawan Kalyan’s only strength is his fan base consiting of youth from smaller towns and vilages and belonging to his Kapu caste. His fans are generally loud and aggressive but then, if called on to vote for him, I am not sure they will do so. They like to attend his meetings where they can shout, clap and whistle as if in a movie but they know their priorities well. No one would care two hoots for this celluloid hero."
"53" "So, no, Pawan kalyan cannot be the next CM. Unless CBN is dead before 2019 and Jagan goes to jail."
"54" "How can Pawan Kalyan become chief minister in the future?"
"55" "Will Pawan Kalyan become chief minister in the 2019 elections?"
"56" "Will Pawan Kalyan become chief minister?"
"57" "Is Pawan Kalyan over-hyped?"
"58" "Who is Pawan Kalyan?"
"59" "Never predict so early in the world of politics as anything can happen in it. But , I can say that he will be a deciding factor / king maker in 2019 elections in AP . Whereas in TS we can clearly see TRS party gonna win with clear majority."
"60" "So coming back to ANDHRA PRADESH, he has a huge following in East ,west godavri districts , Vishakhapatnam zone, Krishna n few parts of rayalseema because of which he was able to transform votes from yscrp to TDP for which he campaigned and gave TDP a huge lead. So in coming elections those areas will be with him and also looks like TV9 ,NTV are going to back him for the elections , which is a really positive sign for him and his party.So what I estimate is unclear lead/ not enough seats to form a govt leading to alliances in forming govt in which Pawan Kalyan is going to play a major role ."
"61" "Lastly I want to say , he is different from other politicians .. he is a leader ! I believe from my heart that one day he will achieve what ever he is speaking now."
"62" "Key note : Pawan Kalyan is going to be a game changer in politics of AP unlike his brother Chiranjeevi"
"63" "Jai janasena!!"
"64" "What are some interesting facts about Janasena Chief Pawan Kalyan?"
"65" "What are the chances of Jagan or Pawan Kalyan becoming chief minister of AP?"
"66" "Who will be next chief minister of Telangana?"
"67" "What is Pawan Kalyan’s next film?"
"68" "Is Pawan Kalyan the right person to be the chief minister?"
"69" "Who will become the next Chief Minister in Madhya Pradesh?"
"70" "Who will be the next chief minister of Kerala? "
"71" "Can Roshan Pahalwan be the next Chief Minister of Rajasthan?"
"72" "Who will be the new chief minister of Maharashtra?"
"73" "Who will be the next Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh?"
"74" "Who will be the next Chief Minister of Uttarakhand?"
"75" "Will Rahul Gandhi be the next chief minister of UP?"
"76" "Who will be the next Chief Minister of Delhi?"
"77" "Who will be next chief minister of Haryana?"
"78" "Who would be the next Punjab chief minister?"
"79" "How can Pawan Kalyan become chief minister in the future?"
"80" "Will Pawan Kalyan become chief minister in the 2019 elections?"
"81" "Will Pawan Kalyan become chief minister?"
"82" "Is Pawan Kalyan over-hyped?"
"83" "Who is Pawan Kalyan?"
"84" "What are some interesting facts about Janasena Chief Pawan Kalyan?"
"85" "What are the chances of Jagan or Pawan Kalyan becoming chief minister of AP?"
"86" "Who will be next chief minister of Telangana?"
"87" "What is Pawan Kalyan’s next film?"
"88" "Is Pawan Kalyan the right person to be the chief minister?"
"89" "A big “NO”."
"90" "In a parliamentary democracy like India, an MLA who is supported by the largest party or the largest coalition becomes the chief minister."
"91" "In AP, that would mean Jana Sena winning 88 out of the total 175 Seats."
"92" "Is this possible in 2019? No way."
"93" "Why should people vote for him?"
"94" "What is his experience?"
"95" "What are his qualifications?"
"96" "Is he inspiring leader? If yes how?"
"97" "Is he pro communist? If yes why?"
"98" "If he supports communism then he should support naxalism, will he do that?"
"99" "Is he want his fans to become anti social elements?"
"100" "Why didn't he question when his brother is doing unethical politics? He still campaigned, why did he do that?"
"101" "Speaking against North Indian given chance in ttd, will he get enough support from Central?"
"102" "He feel ashamed of going to modi and ask about special status , so he will retain his ego to any extent but he will not compromise for benefit of state?"
"103" "What stand does he have on freebies to people? Why?"
"104" "Whom does he allocate tickets, does he allocate to ultra rich in his circle like pvp, ram talluri, ganta etc"
"105" "Pawan kalyan might be good at reading out the scripted speeches, is he really good at governing a state? He's young in politics (till now he haven’t face real battle) , he's fresh with ideas ( which are not working in current scenario )."
"106" "I think pawan kalyan is not taking politics seriously, he acts immature, his speaks without having a clear understanding of whatever the issue maybe."
"107" "He gave a call to youth to join. As of now there is no youth at party higher level, his league consists with same old people who are jumping from different parties in Andhra politics. Recently he announces Janasena party first MLA Candidate is Pithani Balakrishna lets review journey of him he started at tdp, later joined prp(Congress) & ysrcp."
"108" "He is personally a good human being but there is something wrong with him, he doesn't seem to be you know, CM material or politics material. I hope he improve on various aspects which may help him play an active role in politics but as of now, majority of the people doesn't even consider him as politician."
"109" "Can Pawan Kalyan be the next chief minister?"
"110" "Will Pawan Kalyan become chief minister in the 2019 elections?"
"111" "What are the chances of Jagan or Pawan Kalyan becoming chief minister of AP?"
"112" "Is Pawan Kalyan the right person to be the chief minister of Andhra Pradesh?"
"113" "Who is Pawan Kalyan?"
"114" "How can Pawan Kalyan become chief minister in the future?"
"115" "Can Pawan Kalyan become Chief Minister of AP? Will he be able to deliver anything if got elected?"
"116" "How can an MLA become a chief minister?"
"117" "Who will become the next Chief Minister in Madhya Pradesh?"
"118" "Is Pawan Kalyan the right person to be the chief minister?"
"119" "How does one become the chief minister of India?"
"120" "Who is chief minister of Gujarat?"
"121" "Can Rajnath Singh become the chief minister of Uttar Pradesh?"
"122" "Who will become the second Chief Minister of Telangana?"
"123" "How do I become the chief minister of Rajasthan?"
"124" "How much times did siddaramaiah become chief minister?"
"125" "How many Christians have become Chief Ministers of India?"
"126" "Who is the chief minister of Uttar Pradesh?"
"127" "Who is the Chief Minister of Harayana?"
"128" "How will I become chief minister of Punjab?"
"129" "Can Pawan Kalyan be the next chief minister?"
"130" "Will Pawan Kalyan become chief minister in the 2019 elections?"
"131" "What are the chances of Jagan or Pawan Kalyan becoming chief minister of AP?"
"132" "Is Pawan Kalyan the right person to be the chief minister of Andhra Pradesh?"
"133" "Who is Pawan Kalyan?"
"134" "How can Pawan Kalyan become chief minister in the future?"
"135" "Can Pawan Kalyan become Chief Minister of AP? Will he be able to deliver anything if got elected?"
"136" "How can an MLA become a chief minister?"
"137" "Who will become the next Chief Minister in Madhya Pradesh?"
"138" "Is Pawan Kalyan the right person to be the chief minister?"
"139" "am not a regular follower of news, I manage to stay up to date with what's happening mainly through social media, and a couple of other apps on my phone. So my judgement maybe wrong."
"140" "I have seen two seperate speeches of Pawan Kalyan, during his political meetings, one in Telangana, and another in Andhra. I noticed that in the Telangana meeting, he was speaking against AP, supporting the division of the state. Link to that video is given below:"
"141" "Some people may claim this video is doctored to propagate negativity because of his rising popularity, but I think his motive is quite clear. It seems like he's stressing on the issue to please the crowd, more than state his opinion. And I dont think such a person is capable enough to lead a state."
"142" "On a side note, I noticed that most of the people who follow Janasena and support his works in recent times are such fans, who claimed that Sardar Gabbar Singh and Katamarayudu are hit films. And I think their opinion is biased to support their favorite actor, not an able leader."
"143" "Even a movie with our beloved Power Star Pawan Kalyan as chief minister of Andhra Pradesh would be a big flop, with a negative rating on imdb."
"144" "This guy is crazy beyond words. But I like him for his craziness."
"145" "It all depends upon how he is going to contest."
"146" "Solo contest in all seats - then taking clue from his brother (assuming same caste equations work) he will win 20 seats minimum, if there is high anit-incumbency factor plus high detest against Jagan then he could score more than 80 - provided he fix his party grass route level issues. (fixing grass route level issues is impossible with in 2019 election period)"
"147" "If he contests with BJP+TDP alliance then will win depending upon seats allocated. TDP is hungry, unless BJP agrees to increase seats there is no way TDP can form an alliance with another party and share seats."
"148" "….."
"149" "My best guess, he won’t contest this time. Only keeps momentum and supports one of the parties."
"150" "…."
"151" "He won’t even get Rajya Sabha seat - if we know anything about CBN, he will never create another power center. Just like he did with Daggupati, Harikrishna, Balakrishna - he will ensure PK will fade into shadows in due time. If PK is street smart then he need to go strong against TDP and Jagan both and continue fighting for next three elections. There is another danger in it. If Jagan looses this time, he will loose all the credibility and vacuum will increase for next elections. PK ensuring Jagan’s loose + protecting his brand image is the best case for him in 2019. Worst case - Jagan winning or PK loosing his brand image with loose talk (or loosing in all the places contested)"
"152" "80% of seats will be sweeped by Janasena. Reasons :"
"153" "CBN and TDP cant develop even they win for 100 terms in elections. All uneducated ruling."
"154" "YSRC all rowdies and fools who has money contesting .. Even they win they will only think to get back their investment not for development."
"155" "Janasena ..leader pavan kalyan who is loyal, sincere, and every one knows his attitude and character . A selfless Man contesting election for future of YOUTH in Andhra."
"156" "Benefits if he is elected : TDP boasting of KIA factory.."
"157" "Pavan Kalyan has potential to bring 1000 factories like that . His fans and belivers are all over world."
"158" "HUGE growth of andra and development in all regions from root level.."
"159" "He will not spare corrupt people."
"160" "Evolution of youth politics and their developemnt."
"161" "Vote for JANSENA for better future.. Negative people ..its time you change your mind ."
"162" "As of now there is no proper leader in Janasena except Pawan Kalyan and he cannot contest in all the 175 seats. He founded in 2013 and it’s been 5yrs, there is no other leader except three spokesmen and the president."
"163" "Whereas the other side TDP is the biggest force in terms of poll management and gross level party workers and also YSRCP which is equally organised at village level."
"164" "So if it’s a triangular fight among these three, then except Godavari districts where he has some caste based following and some urban areas he may get considerable amount of votes and few seats."
"165" "If Janasena contests alone, considering the current situation of AP politics and Party construction, it will not will more than 10. It may be very hard to digest to some of the fans but this is the fact. If the election is conducted in YouTube or Twitter then Janasena will be single largest party."
"166" "They really need to focus on party building at gross level. One man show doesn’t work in politics especially in AP."
"167" "Pavan Kalyan slipped once again. Huge response to his Foundation Day meeting almost indicated that people were feeling a political void and looking up to Pavan to fill this to some extent. Given Chandrababu's vast political experience and his reputation as the Architect of the modern Hyderabad, it was expected Pavan would substantially cut into YSRCP votes. And his pot-shots, in the same meeting, against CBN are taken to be signaling his intent to come out of TDP-BJP shadow."
"168" "Yet, he was inexplicably casual about his corruption charges against TDP and surprisingly soft vis-a-vis BJP regarding SCS. Ever since it became clear to Andhra electorate that FOR NO LEGITIMATE REASON WHATSOEVER, MODI IS RELUCTANT TO ACCORD EITHER SCS OR GRANT RAILWAY ZONE TO THE STATE, THEY FELT CHEATED AND HUMILIATED FOR A SECOND TIME ON THE SAME ISSUE. Thus BJP which never has been a strong force in combined and residual state has been reduced to a spent force in so far as 2019 elections in the state are concerned."
"169" "Pavan can thus neither successfully contest as sympathizer of BJP, nor can he align with this latter. Again, he cannot both denigrate TDP and hope to align with it. His alliance with communists cannot amount to much as this latter is also not strong. And the anti-YSRCP votes, especially ones that result from disillusionment, would now shift largely to TDP as the electorate feel HUMILIATED by BJP . Pavan thus has created a situation of an all round electoral antagonism on his own. Unless he finds a strong way to come back by forceful action in securing SCS and other legitimate entitlements and finds a way to align with TDP, he has no future, in the ensuing election, in Andhra Pradesh."
"170" "No one can predict an outcome of people’s verdict, so all possibilities are there."
"171" "If election is held in terms of Twitter Retweets, YouTube likes and other social media platforms, Janasena will win all seats."
"172" "When it is real elections, the audience are not just fans, but it also has a decent number of sane and pragmatic people as well. People will cast their vote based on local representatives neither by political party nor by leader. Local representative share will more than party and leader."
"173" "Therefore I suggest to discuss ideologies and achievements instead of contemplating on number, I don’t see a single victory for Janasena in people’s perspective because from past 4 years he acts as puppet in hands of Chandrababu Naidu and wasted valuable time by neglecting building party from ground level."
"174" "With elections very close by, just a 6 months away, Janasena is still running a one-man show. Practically, this doesn't work in politics especially in AP. Choosing 175 Candidates is big task for Janasena as per their policies. Building strong election advisory committee is not so easy."
"175" "Other than caste and fan base, there's not a single plus point for him that can drive his party to Power. His fan base is both strength and weakness of him. They really need to focus on party building at gross level."
"176" "If Janasena contests alone, considering the current situation of AP politics and Party construction, it will not get more than what PRP got in 2009."
"177" "It may be very hard to digest to some of the fans but this is the fact."
"178" "may be between 30–50 if he continues his aggressive campaigning till elections"
"179" "I feel every educated citizen of AP is fed up with the heavy corruption, exploitation by politicians on common ppl,underdevelopment , caste politics done by these political parties"
"180" "They are genuinely feeling the need for a transparent govt free from corruption and corrupted leaders and i feel if pk and jsp could gain the trust ( which i feel is gaining at a steady pace) then he will be king maker in 2019 elections"
"181" "Major plus for pk started when he solved (atleast partially) uddanam issue by bringing doctors from harvard , Recent formation day speech also caught major attention when he attacked the govt for its corruption,scs and sand mafia , then the negative acts by some ppl in media bring pk’s name into every matter which he is least involved in and also abusing his mother in media brought a lot of sympathy for pk (many ppl came to the conclusion that main stream parties are trying to suppress him and defame him), then personal comments by jagan recently triggered sympathy factor again"
"182" "But the major turning point was recently when he announced that he is supporting kapu reservation in a time when opposition leader was not much into it which secretly made pawan wave stronger in godavari districts"
"183" "Next was in his pre manifesto where he announced free gas cylinder and 3000 rs to women also will increase his vote bank among poor and lower middleclass women who majorly thinks abt running household ratjer than caste and other things"
"184" "So i feel pawan is transforming himself into a very powerful force which cant be underestimated at all"
