"V1"
"1" "#1 — Google tracks you. We don’t."
"2" "#1 — Google tracks you. We don’t."
"3" "You share your most intimate secrets with your search engine without even thinking: medical, financial and personal issues, along with all the d..."
"4" "YOU NEVER KNOW VALUE OF SOMETHING UNTIL YOU LOOSE IT."
"5" "YOU NEVER KNOW VALUE OF SOMETHING UNTIL YOU LOOSE IT."
"6" "CBN did a great job in these four years. Think of the type of challenge he solved, state like orphan without capital, no direction/vision, full of debts, no money to pay employee salaries, unsupportive central govt, what not.. ? I believe people of AP are not stupid enough to elect Jagan as CM and ruin AP as how it is like in 2013. As like in famous telugu movie quote, people don’t want any logic they just want magic. How can anyone show development overnight ?"
"7" "Some examples to show CBN’s strengths/caliber in these four years:"
"8" "Hud Hud: Think of CBN capabilities during Hud hud. If you have any friends in Vizag, you can validate the facts. How he slept in bus there and restored normal life back in just one week (which would never ever happen after that kind of massive catastrophe in India, this will happen only in movies)"
"9" "Hud Hud"
"10" "Pattiseema: Just go and ask Krishna delta farmers how happy they are. He did a reasonably good job on Polavaram even without center support. Some people are criticizing Pattiseema is waste once Polavaram finishes but no one knows when Polavaram completes, govt don’t enough money to complete it in lightning fast. Now Pattiseema is helping farmers to cultivate 1.3 million acres of land. Think of the results with such little investment. http://www.southreport.com/patti..."
"11" "Pattiseema"
"12" "Investments: Think of investments coming into AP without any support from center. Kia, Hero motors and list goes on. He fought with many states to bring Kia to Anantapur."
"13" "Investments"
"14" "Power Crises to Power Surplus: One simple example, I remember in 2013 entire AP is in huge power crises and six hours of power cut in every city every single day in 21th century. CBN restored and brought normal conditions back in just one month after he was elected and now we’re in a position to sell power to other states. This shows how he can utilize existing resources properly and deliver best results."
"15" "Power Crises to Power Surplus"
"16" "Listen to one hour of investment summit(occurs once in a year) at Vizag and see how visionary CBN is. He is talking about how govt can utilize Machine Learning, IoT, Deep Learning etc. for better governance, what a visionary! He is running state like a Fortune 500 company. Many people are saying investments are not materialized yet, it takes time for a seed to become tree and provide fruits, nothing happens overnight. He is sowing seeds now, you’ll definitely see benefits in long run like how Hyderabad is now."
"17" "Amaravathi: It is daunting task to collect 30,000 acres through land pooling for any person. If it is any other CM he would definitely wasted time and not even choose capital city of AP by now. They would’ve told Hyd is capital for 10 years and we have all rights to ask center for extension for another 5 more years. Even if they chose capital they wouldn’t moved entire govt and employees there in just 6 months. Why would a CM move to new capital without even proper residence there. Would you imagine any other CM leave his family behind in Hyd and visit them during holidays/weekdends ? This itself shows his commitment towards goal."
"18" "Amaravathi"
"19" "One negative thing about CBN is he can’t market enough the good things he did and reach out deep into masses, he brought tech giant Microsoft to Hyd and created a new city in map “Cyberabad”; He started projects like outer ring road, international airport in Hyderabad, congress came into power and opened those projects with names of their leaders Rajeev Gandhi airport and Nehru outer ring road. See what KTR said about CBN."
"20" "People are targeting CBN just because of special status, really ? What do you want him to do ? From first year with just bare 16 MP’s in hand do you want him to fight with center who has 300+ majority on their own and with don’t care attitude. It’s just matter of second for anyone to fight but it won’t lead you anywhere. All I could say he is far better than Jagan. Jagan is not even close to 1% of CBN’s caliber. Let’s say if Jagan is in power and if center grants spl status, Jagan don’t even have enough skills and knowledge on how to utilize spl status benefits properly and attract investments."
"21" "If Jagan comes into power AP will definitely don’t have any future and all development happening in state goes back by atleast 10 years in the best case. Can you tell simple 3 points why anyone should vote for jagan ? Ask him to tell how he is going to develop state ? What is his track record ? He is care of address for corruption with prime accused A1 in 11 CBI charge sheets. All he is doing is to try to become Chief Minister and rule 5 crore people just because of one reason that his father was a CM. Please think, if you’re undergoing a critical surgery, how do you choose a doctor ? you choose a doctor by his track record/caliber/strengths/success rate or just because his forefathers and family members are good doctors once up on a time ? Will you allow that kind of doctor even to touch your body ? Please stop hereditary politics."
"22" "accused A1 in 11 CBI charge sheets"
"23" "To know what’s leadership crises would be like, see Tamil Nadu how they’re suffering without a visionary leader. Please stop all sentiment and caste politics. Guys act smart and try to think twice before acting.<U+FEFF> Try to educate people around you. This is real life no one is perfect, even CBN might have done few mistakes but relatively he has BETTER and PROVEN capabilities as better leader than Jagan/pk. If CBN lost this time, then it’s not his bad luck, it’s bad luck of AP people."
"24" " "
"25" "Try to educate people around you. "
"26" "PS: Just trying to be selfish to help my state to prosper."
"27" "Who would be the CM of Andhra Pradesh in 2019?"
"28" "What will be the circumstances if YSRCP wins 2019 Andhra Pradesh Assembly Elections leading to YS Jagan ruling the state?"
"29" "Who will win the 2019 elections in Andhra Pradesh?"
"30" "Is TDP strong enough to win 2019 elections in Andhra Pradesh?"
"31" "Will Chandra Babu succeed in his role?"
"32" "Here It is.. If anyone you should not believe or trust in Indian politics it will be Nara Chandra Babu Naidu."
"33" "He won’t even trust his own shadow. He is the dirtiest politician in Indian history said by earlier friend KCR."
"34" "He will not do any good governance or development , he is just very very good at political management. He is extraordinary political manager."
"35" "The development in his regime is like mirage in desert. Moreover it will be in media and papers only , actually it was never there and it was never happened."
"36" "How- The thing is in Andhra Pradesh 99% media is own by Kamma caste where CBN(Chandra Babu Naidu) belongs. With his own media support he will make sure no negative publicity hits the news."
"37" "He manages all the National and Andhra local Print media and electronic media ,obviously there will be no negative news against him."
"38" "To explain how corrupt to the extent he is , everywhere he place all the moles – Sleeper cells- coverts in all national political parties and in all public and private sectors influential organisations."
"39" "Simple example is “Muppavarapu Venkaiah Naidu” and the current Vice-President of India BJP who always surpassed his own BJP in Andhra and helped Chandrababu Naidu always."
"40" "BJP central observed all this and in correct time BJP & RSS put Venkayya naidu aside by removing him from active politics. Same Like Vishakapatnam MP K Haribabu & Prominent Kamineni Hospitals Owner Kamineni ..officialy they will be all in BJP but they work for Chandrababu and in favour to their won caste."
"41" "The Raj Guru the famous Eenadu Groups & Ramoji filmcity owner Ramojirao and few other media tycoon’s (90%) in AP are all in syndicate with Babu. What put them together is their caste."
"42" "Even Chandrababu Naidu sneezes or even burps also they write the articles in media favourable to that also related to development of AP."
"43" "Seriously you want to know how he manages Election commissions and even courts and judiciary systems? There are few judges in supreme court and AP high court panels which were placed by Chandrababu Naidu . People say that many supreme court judges like Chalameswar and Justice N V Ramana which are from Andhra were always favourable to Chandrababu Naidu because of their own caste with Chandrababu. Long back when initially sought the power in his father-in-law NTR cabinet he made all the moves which paved his this long political career."
"44" "Nothing will happen in ground but he will showcase to the world with media help that with very positive nature. That is why Non Andhra people believe that he is doing some miracles and so admire of him. He maintains News syndicates in all the other states like UP and Karnataka and Maharashtra where he will make sure that some journalist write very good articles in favour to him. That is what you read everywhere about him all good. His social media team will scrutinise all the data in favour to him in YouTube news articles social media , if they found any negative publicity against him they will make sure that it will get removed by enforcing copyright and privacy laws."
"45" "Lalu like politicians sitting in jail because of their lack of their tactics like Naidu. But Chandrababu Naidu is 100 times most dangerous than Lalu. Only thing is he will make sure that he will never get caught. Do you believe 18 cases filed against him in court but not even single case survived just for 2 days also? Why? Do you know“Gobbles“ who worked for Adolf Hitler – He made sure that people believe all the Hitler lies by repeating hundred times by censoring all the news. There are even 10 Gobbles media heads working for Babu ,how you will know the truth?"
"46" "OK let’s think positively for a second at least.. think about Babu what good schemes he implemented what good development he brought claiming titles visionary administrator???"
"47" "Anything strike in your mind ? Nothing ? One thing might be IT software industry in Hyderabad-Often say Hyderabad development ?"
"48" "Did you know Bangalore is more developed than Hyderabad in terms of IT? before to Hyderabad. Has anybody claiming that development in entire Karnataka or Bangalore? How come nobody even saying a political leader name in Bangalore IT development? Shame? Hyderabad IT Chandrababu? Nedurumalli janardhan reddy former CM of AP and Rajiv Gandhi initiated IT park and Cyber towers later when he came into power CBN did a real estate ventures with close caste syndicate associates like current MP Murali mohan & Others in that area. Media wrote and showcased a framed story that Hyderabad was developed by CBN, where Hyderabad has 800 years history and own military and airport and till before independence Hyderabad is richest country in the world."
"49" "All four estates in India has Chandrababu Naidu moles from small attender in office judiciary officials to news media tycoons governors ,vice presidents ,industrialists, top journalists, top politicians in every national party."
"50" "He is white collar cri****.. he leaves no trace.. He is capable of everything. Since four years due to the raise of social media more issues coming out about his real nature and failed administrations."
"51" "His smile is fake his voice is fake no strait speeches.. very insecure CM always cling to political priorities first against state development . TDP by NTR(Father in law to CBN) was born against dynasty congress rule in 1983 . To the very fundamental clash he went on alliance with congress in telangana and Andhra.. that much opportunistic he is for his basic values."
"52" "What every you read & heard so far positive in favour to Chandrababu was framed and cooked by his media teams.. that is exactly they want us to listen about him to give such build-ups about him."
"53" "If we keep on writing his cunning natures and failures in Andhra it will be go on and will be never ending. Will come up with detailed story and links with next Answer."
"54" "Majority of the people are mislead by the Political Analysts, who are ranting that Opp.Leader Jagan had lost 2014 Elections only by 2%."
"55" "They are purposefully ignoring that in 2004 Elections, the voting went like YSR/INC-38.56% and CBN/TDP-37.59%"
"56" "1999: As the Central Govt.(INC) was not supporting the State. He had adopted and implemented the policies recommended by W.B(World Bank) to get Loans for the Development,parties like CPI/M can not digest and Opposed(Capitalism and Communism are Opp. Poles)him."
"57" "1999:"
"58" "He was very Unfortunate by Drought(El-nino effect)in AP. He even found solutions by encouraging farmers to adopt Israel techniques like Check-Dams, Dip Irrigation,etc."
"59" "Majority of Population, i.e Rural Areas and Farmers could not adopt to the changing time/situation and lost crops/money and hence committed suicides."
"60" "He might have helped them with Loans and Grants, but he was tied by W.B"
"61" "He had to fought with Bureaucracy/Government Employees. Majority of Govt.teachers, who enjoyed a lazy life have worked like, as if they were hit by hunter/charnakol. They hated him, because they were habituated to laziness and share in corruption. In fact their inefficiency is the bread and butter for politicians to do recommendations and settlements and thus earning money and fame."
"62" "All his success during the 9 years: Efficient Governance, Janma-Bhoomi (predecessor to Swach Barath), Neeru-Meeru, E-Seva, Dwakra groups, IT…etc had went in Vain."
"63" "Any person with Common sense and finance knowledge will accept that Bank will not lend money to Persons/Org/Govt, who have -ve Cash flow(due to Free-bies)."
"64" "-ve"
"65" "Without Funds, how can One/Govt. make progress?? He took harsh measures to generate Revenue!!"
"66" "YSR, in order to grab power and without caring for Future of state has announced Free-bies."
"67" "2004 Elections:"
"68" "2004 Elections:"
"69" "CBN/TDP Stance : Development"
"70" "CBN/TDP Stance : Development"
"71" "His cadre followed without complaint"
"72" "YSR/INC Stance : Free-bies"
"73" "YSR/INC Stance : Free-bies"
"74" "Frustrated sections had fall for these free-bies and took State into Debt. This disrupted the growth and revenue."
"75" "CBN/TDP Lost in Elections : People Lost Development."
"76" "2009 Elections:"
"77" "2009 Elections:"
"78" "CBN/TDP Stance : Corruption free Governance & Free-bies"
"79" "CBN/TDP Stance : Corruption free Governance & Free-bies"
"80" "His cadre gave suggestions/advice to adopt YSR Tactics"
"81" "YSR/INC Stance : More Free-bies even at cost of Corruption"
"82" "YSR/INC Stance : More Free-bies even at cost of Corruption"
"83" "Frustrated sections had again fall for these free-bies and took State again into Debt."
"84" "CBN/TDP Lost in Elections : People made Free-bies Mandatory, Lost Growth."
"85" "2014 Elections:"
"86" "2014 Elections:"
"87" "CBN/TDP Stance : Loan Waiver/Resevation for Kapu(free-bies) & Administration/Development"
"88" "CBN/TDP Stance : Loan Waiver/Resevation for Kapu(free-bies) & Administration/Development"
"89" "Cadre is out of his influence and part of New cadre(Investors/Sponsors became Candidates) has invested personal Money."
"90" "YSR/INC Stance : Sympathy & Fan-following"
"91" "YSR/INC Stance : Sympathy & Fan-following"
"92" "Actually people feared that KCR will kick them out of Hyderabad and realized the need of his Leadership for New-Capital/Opp0rtunities.(Bonus: free-bies)"
"93" "CBN/TDP Won in Elections : People lost True Leadership."
"94" "It is very clear that, how some frustrated sections can even INFLUENCE the Able/Efficient/Visionary leaders for their own selfishness in Democracy!!"
"95" "INFLUENCE"
"96" "YSR/Congress had made Corruption ORGANISED and gave free-bies to Masses. YSR/INC did nothing for MIDLLE-CLASS??"
"97" "YSR/Congress had made Corruption ORGANISED and gave free-bies to Masses. YSR/INC did nothing for MIDLLE-CLASS??"
"98" "CBN thought that People/State Needs Development and New Job Opportunities(I.T). Middle class, who utilised I.T are now Above-Middle class/Upper class. Still, majority preferred free-bies."
"99" "CBN thought that People/State Needs Development and New Job Opportunities(I.T). Middle class, who utilised I.T are now Above-Middle class/Upper class. Still, majority preferred free-bies."
"100" "YSR/Jagan are Land-Lords by birth, their ides/intention are to RULE. CBN came from small-Agrarian Family, his ideas/intentions is to Thrive for Development."
"101" "Govt.Servants made CRYSTAL clear that, they are NOT Servants for Public. They consider themselves to be treated as SIR/MADAM. Dare any one call them as per their post(Clerk/Pune) and get the work/document done. If CBN fails to cooperate them, they will not co-operte CBN, to retain Power."
"102" "Govt.Servants made CRYSTAL clear that, they are NOT Servants for Public. They consider themselves to be treated as SIR/MADAM. Dare any one call them as per their post(Clerk/Pune) and get the work/document done. If CBN fails to cooperate them, they will not co-operte CBN, to retain Power."
"103" "CBN has not changed himself. Selfish/frustrated sections had made him to change his Action/spriorities/policies. He changed for the Greater cause, i.e for Growth of his State and development of its people(There are still majority, who believe in his true Intentions)."
"104" "CBN has not changed himself. Selfish/frustrated sections had made him to change his Action/spriorities/policies. He changed for the Greater cause, i.e for Growth of his State and development of its people(There are still majority, who believe in his true Intentions)."
"105" "1999: Modi was no where before the stature of CBN. Jayalalitha was a par."
"106" "In a Family, the head of family has to pamper/bear his ungifted/incompetent kid even if it sometimes frustrate the able/intelligent kids, the later should Understand/support him for the love on family."
"107" "Please do not fall prey again for Region/Religion/Caste, our country and state were already divided due to same."
"108" "Please VOTE for Good Governance."
"109" "Please VOTE for Good Governance."
"110" "**************** *********** ************ **************** ****************"
"111" "INC for its own interests divided A.P, BJP avoiding Special Status/Funds for compensation of Budget deficiency. Both fear that, A.P has true potential under an able leadership and will be out of their influence, if its not restricted."
"112" "They want to Create a PROBLEM(which is not existing before) and then want to promote themselves as Problem-solvers."
"113" "PROBLEM"
"114" "Problem-solvers"
"115" "2015 : MODI announced that “He will give One Lakh Crore of funds for BIHAR, only if BJP WIN’s”…???"
"116" "2015 : MODI announced that “He will give One Lakh Crore of funds for BIHAR, only if BJP WIN’s”…???"
"117" "2018: Amit-Sha declares that “BJP will make Telangana state as Model state, only if BJP WIN’s”….???"
"118" "2018: Amit-Sha declares that “BJP will make Telangana state as Model state, only if BJP WIN’s”….???"
"119" "HOW DARE THEY…??? Shamelessly Blackmailing the States that they will Develop only if they are awarded POWER….???"
"120" "BJP had lost its respect and credibility under Modi-Sha, as they want to make BJP as a new INC(Indian National Congress)."
"121" "They are making people in entire country(save Gujarat) regret for providing sole-majority, instead of concentrating on Uniform Growth of states, they are concentrating on Growth of BJP Power in entire Country."
"122" "Center can influence Supreme Court, as they can appoint Chief Justice through President.(Initiated by Smt.Indira Gandhi)"
"123" "Center can influence Supreme Court, as they can appoint Chief Justice through President.(Initiated by Smt.Indira Gandhi)"
"124" "Lalu Prasad Yadav had faced corruption charges by CBI. He was against BJP. Congress protected him by delaying his trial. Finally he went to Jail under BJP, as he denied them victory in BIHAR."
"125" "YS.JaganMohan Reddy had faced corruption charges by CBI. He was against Smt.Sonia and he went to Jail. But after negotiations though his mother, he was released on BAIL. Now, he got protection under BJP and BJP is delaying his trial in S.C."
"126" "Because of his past corruption under YSR, he can never remove the Taint and is unfit to be CM, as he can not rule with full might."
"127" "After state-bifurcation, Telangana was with surplus budget and AP was with deficient budget, still CBN had kept State Growth & Development on equal par with Tealagana and infact narrowly placed it in No.1."
"128" "Its not just Modi, CBN too made foreign tours to bring FDI to the state."
"129" "The following MNC’s have invested In Sricity:"
"130" "International Companies in Sri City SEZ:"
"131" "International Companies in Sri City SEZ:"
"132" "American Companies: Cadbury, Colgate Palmolive, Kellogs, Pepsico, CCI, Amphenol."
"133" "European Companies: Danieli, VRV Group, Lavazza Fresh & Honest, Everton, Alstom transport, TII Group, Hunter Douglas, Nolato, EURA, MMD, Saakar, Andrew Industries"
"134" "Asian Companies: ISUZU, Kobelco Construction Equipment, IMOP, NHK, Nippon, Nittan Valves(Japan) Unicharm Nola & Dola (Japan) Piolax (Japan) Aisan (Japan) Kikuwa (Japan) Pals Plush (China) ZTT (China) NPP (Saudi Arabia) BFG (Bahrain) Rockworth Office Systems (Thailand/Dubai) Vital Solutions (Singapore)"
"135" "African Companies: Venture (South Africa)"
"136" "Please place yourselves in Investor shoes, “ Why do you want to Invest in an upcoming state rather than a Developed state..??”"
"137" "Please recognize “Why HERO motors have changed their plans to establish its manufacturing unit from Telangana to A.P..???”, Yes, we can demand more from him, but please don’t degrade him by comparing to Jagan/P.K."
"138" "What efforts the CM-CBN had made to convince them?? True, he had made himself the CEO of A.P promoting the state with his Vision. He should be appreciated for his Zeal to make Amaravathi/A.P to Top again in India & World, with/without support of Modi-BJP/RaGa-INC."
"139" "Uma-Bharathi(Minister-Drinking Water and Sanitation) had applauded CBN for Pattiseema(Interlinking of Rivers). Isn’t CBN achieved success in implementing Innovative idea of Inter-linking Rivers and avoid conflict with neighboring states on Water??"
"140" "************** ************** ************ ********** ***************"
"141" "Coming to Seed Capital, Amaravati:"
"142" "Coming to Seed Capital, Amaravati:"
"143" "Please have look around our neighborhoods, Instead of leaving one/two feet for drainage, One selfish/Idiot will construct his home and leave drain water directly on Road and all the rest as a flock will do the same."
"144" "Imagine, how difficult its to convince the farmers(Having a Generation’s Opportunity, not even life time) to surrender the land to Government(having a heavy budget deficiency) and make Agreement, when the opposition is trying real hard to make its attempt Fail."
"145" "Why can’t we limit the Capital to a limited Land??"
"146" "Capital is for Generations with ever increasing Population. We will not built a 1BHK, when we married, we go for 2BHK, thinking for our Kids, 3BHK/Villa if we want to continue in a Joint Family. We will take loans from Banks/lenders and go big, as we know that Construction costs & Land Value go high with TIME."
"147" "I Hope you got my POINT."
"148" "Please realise that Questioning is Pretty easy, Suggestions are easy,but its really HARD to IMPLEMENT."
"149" "Please realise that Questioning is Pretty easy, Suggestions are easy,but its really HARD to IMPLEMENT."
"150" "Kindly observe that Center is Very Partial against South. Its necessary to avoid Majority to national parties(INC/BJP)which have their own agenda (Hindujas-INC, Maliya,Modi,Chowksi-BJP)."
"151" "State/Country’s Future greatly depends on YOUTH, True. And YOUTH should demand for Employment, not Entertainment(P.K). They should be led by Wisdom."
"152" "YOUTH"
"153" "Employment"
"154" "Do P.K has Political/Leadership Experience?? No, but he is Sincere/Committed. Why did he Divorced and Married Multiple times?? It is his personal choice. Can anyone imagine, same in their own families?? Hippocracy at Heights!!!"
"155" "An Experienced Professor is recommended in studies, So is it in Politics, an Experienced & Visionary leader is recommended."
"156" "There are enough reasons to think that TDP will win next elections as well."
"157" "Most important being unlike the last term this time Mr. Naidu is not neglecting the social welfare schemes and their role in politics."
"158" "Weak opposition. Even those who are skeptical about TDP have taken a stand that TDP is better than YSRCP with Jagan at helm."
"159" "No matter how much we deny , caste and religion are playing a major role in deciding the final outcome in Indian politics."
"160" "Background of AP caste equations - Unlike Telangana and Tamil nadu which has majority of population from OBC communities, AP has majority of population belonging to OC and SC sections of the society. Traditionally OBC groups are with TDP since its inception and SC groups have supported Congress and now YSRCP after Mr. YSR. This is the major reason for TDP opposing state division since it will loose its OBC votes for Telangana sentiment and this is one of the main reasons for congress to bifurcate the state before elections."
"161" "Coming back to the situation of truncated Andhra Pradesh, in OC communities those who dominate the political spectrum are Kammas,Reddys and Kapus. In these groups traditionally Kammas have been with TDP and Reddy’s with YSRCP though there are exceptions. Kapu community have backed NTR during his first term but with Vijayawada caste wars they have distanced themselves from TDP and supported Congress and PRP until state bifurcation. But with state bifurcation and Chiranjeevi’s PRP debacle and Pawan Kalyan openly endorsing TDP majority of them have voted for TDP in 2014 elections."
"162" "Now what ? After state division there are a few important equations that have changed in numbers of different OC castes. The ratio of all the three castes in overall population has changed drastically. The ratio has more than trippled for Kammas and for Kapus it has more than doubled. For Reddy’s they have lost a significant number for bifurcation .Hence the loss in the vote bank of OBC to TDP was compensated by raise in vote bank of Kammas in 2014 election."
"163" "With SC and Reddy’s backing YSRCP and Kammas and OBC population to TDP the deciders of 2019 election would be KAPUS. As of now they are with TDP and if Pawan kalyan backs TDP in 2019 elections TDP’s win would be a cakewalk. If Pawan kalyan goes to election without any pre election coalition , the votes will split and mostly both Janasena and TDP would loose and YSRCP would be the winner. If both TDP and Janasena gets into into pre election coalition then they might form the government together. Considering the fact that Pawan kalyan has not endorsed Jagan for now the coalition of YSRCP and Janasena is not a possibility. But since there are two more years and Indian politics of 21st century changes in the last second anything could happen and everybody has equal chances to win and loose."
"164" "KAPUS. "
"165" "I’m not supporting any one but what people are aware of in my point of view."
"166" "Huge Anti incumbency is Created against Chandra Babu Naidu Government because of Corruption that people never experienced before."
"167" "Recently forming alliance with Congress made hard core TDP supporters sick and they may never accept because of TDP forming against to congress and ncbn lost his credibility."
"168" "Failed to Bring Special Status, special railway zone and other promises to Andhra Pradesh that was promised by Ruled UPA and Ruling NDA government during Bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh."
"169" "Failed in completion of Polavaram Project, increased project expenditure."
"170" "Spending too much money on temporary constructions such as Assembly, Secretariat and on Capital Graphics."
"171" "Unfulfilled 640 Promises(‘Former's Loans Waiver’,’Dwakra Loan Waiver’,’Unemployment Pension’ etc.,) that was made on 2014 General Elections."
"172" "Huge Corruption in ‘Pattisema’ Project(Which is No longer Required if Polavaram Project is Finished), Pattiseema where it is not necessary if polavaram completes. So spending 2000 crores on such temporary project."
"173" "No Recruitment for Vacant 1,42,000 Government jobs from Last 4 years."
"174" "Tirupathi Controversy (‘Rama Dikshithulu’,’Pink Diamond’,’Digging temples for Treasures’)"
"175" "Haven’t did any Justice to Victims of ‘Agri Gold Scam’"
"176" "Rumors that Black Magic is Performed by Priest in Famous Durga Temple Vijayawada in order to gain a victory in 2019 General elections and crashing of temples for krishna pushkaras."
"177" "Vote for note."
"178" "Cbn lavish life style and forigen trips including unnecessary programs and using private jets."
"179" "Chinatamaneni prabhakar arrogance, bonda uma & ganta srinivas land issues, yarapathineni srinivas mining and so many mla’s corruption ."
"180" "Capital city land scam."
"181" "70% of population is looking for Jobs and Runa Mafi so its very sensitive issue which Naidu lost his credibility."
"182" "Pawan Kalyan helping bjp-ycp duo by dividing the votes, mainly in godavari districts and north andhra."
"183" "Tdp cadre lost hope on future because of lokesh and by his speeches."
"184" "Joining mla’s and mp’s from ysrcp cause damage at ground level."
"185" "Naidu is better in Managing and experience than jagan but in 2014 only small difference of voter share led TDP to win but 2019 it will be opposite."
"186" "To be frank the answer may be no."
"187" "Let us see why…"
"188" "Reasons for decrease of TDP graph"
"189" "Reasons for decrease of TDP graph"
"190" "Huge corruption exposed in Amaravathi land scam, call money, vizag land scam, vote for note and many more."
"191" "There is no chandrababu Naidu mark in the ruling as it was there when he was CM of combined AP."
"192" "Strictly speaking CBN lost his control over his party men and it was not the TDP govt that we saw before in 1996–2004."
"193" "No strong future leader. Lokesh being a cabinet minister was never seen as future of the TDP. People don't believe he can handle the party after CBN."
"194" "CBN's compromise on SPECIAL STATUS which is a curse for AP future."
"195" "Why YS JAGAN"
"196" "Why YS JAGAN"
"197" "Although there are lot of corruption cases on him he has edge over TDP in 2019 elections."
"198" "He is young and stubborn and very strong financially."
"199" "Rayalaseema is his huge asset in election game, he will win 90% of seats in that region."
"200" "He can be seen as future leader as he was proven leader with 44% voting in 2014 election which is highest for any opposition party in India."
"201" "His 9 election promises for 2019 election announced in his plenary. This shows how serious he is taking next elections."
"202" "I personally want CBN to win the elections but this time it's very hard for him to face JAGAN. In case of PK's entry the history repeats that of chiru entry in 2009 which split the TDP vote."
"203" "Can Chandra babu Naidu become next Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh?"
"204" "Will Pawan Kalyan's Jana Sena win 2019 elections?"
"205" "Will TDP win the Andhra Pradesh Assembly election in 2019?"
"206" "Is Chandrababu Naidu the most corrupted person in AP?"
"207" "If the election is held in AP, who will win?"
"208" "Will Chandrababu Naidu win in the 2019 elections?"
"209" "Will Chandrababu Naidu win the next election?"
"210" "Who will win the Andhra Pradesh 2018 election?"
"211" "How powerful in Chandrababu Naidu?"
"212" "Will Nara Chandrababu Naidu win as the CM for AP?"
"213" "How do you describe AP CM Chandrababu Naidu with one word?"
"214" "In which year did Chandrababu Naidu start his election career?"
"215" "Who is Pappu of Andhra Pradesh?"
"216" "Do you think that Chandrababu will win the 2019 election, and why?"
"217" "Is Mahesh Babu Buddhist?"
"218" "Who would be the CM of Andhra Pradesh in 2019?"
"219" "What will be the circumstances if YSRCP wins 2019 Andhra Pradesh Assembly Elections leading to YS Jagan ruling the state?"
"220" "Who will win the 2019 elections in Andhra Pradesh?"
"221" "Is TDP strong enough to win 2019 elections in Andhra Pradesh?"
"222" "Will Chandra Babu succeed in his role?"
"223" "Can Chandra babu Naidu become next Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh?"
"224" "Will Pawan Kalyan's Jana Sena win 2019 elections?"
"225" "Will TDP win the Andhra Pradesh Assembly election in 2019?"
"226" "Is Chandrababu Naidu the most corrupted person in AP?"
"227" "If the election is held in AP, who will win?"
"228" "Of course TDP have the will and strong leadership to hold the government even for another term. Strong promises and the insightful leadership of Chandrababu Naidu to uphold them in implementations still captures the peoples confidence. TDP measures are not just towards the state’s inclusive development, but also in engaging its people with it. By engaging in programs like Naa Janmabhoomi, TDP mahanadu, JanaChaitanya Yatra etc., they are trying to rectify their earlier mistake of neglecting people’s satisfaction and focusing just on generating revenue for the state. Their party member registration also was a great success which again holds a strong bond between the cadre and its association towards the party. Their supporters are also thriving strongly in their constituencies and engaging with the people."
"229" "But still YSR Congress can have a significant position and win 30–35% of legislative seats from their dominated districts of Kadapa, Kurnool and Nellore. Their party might also be in crisis due to its leader’s corruption allegations. Their vote bank can never be shattered by not more than 20%. But recent jump by its party MLA’s into TDP is a strong blow for the party since they hold significant constituencies."
"230" "Pawan Kalyan on the other hand can source 2–5 legislative assemblies since he plans to contest with limited seats and only the teens and youth are crazy enough but aspiring too to see a strong new revered face in politics."
"231" "Congress can try to score 1–2 seats to test trial their face values."
"232" "#1 — Google tracks you. We don’t."
"233" "You share your most intimate secrets with your search engine without even thinking: medical, financial and personal issues, along with all the day to day things that make you, well, you. All of that personal information should be private, but on Google i..."
"234" "In my opinion and reading all the questions which are similar to this one, I want to say the following and you got to infer it from the below ( I took a few common and recurring issues to make my stance clear) :"
"235" "1.) Though the TDP government did respond on the Kapu reservation issue after the train burning mishap ( in my personal opinion - it was totally uncalled for and seemed like total hooliganism rather - we can express our needs-cinxerns and opinions but resorting to such anti social activities will get you no where) , I don't think it will be such an issue because if you think a bit of other Political parties who are going to contest even the so called fighting-for-justice-reservation people know that there is no better alternative (for sanctioning reservations or need of a SEASONED leadership for a new born state ). If any hasty decision is taken and the bill is passed it will be reverted as the limit if reservations is very close to constitutionally prescribed line and it will be a long gone hope for any government to achieve it."
"236" "2.) Now coming to Capital issue and financial condition: I have to agree that upto some extent the government has let us down. But think of it this way, instead of cribbing for something you cannot constitutionally have it is better to make the most of what is being offered ( there is a saying in telugu which goes by : mabbulalo neellu untayi ani chetilo unna daanni vadoleesu koo kudadu)."
"237" "Building a Capital from scratch,ie,a Greenfield capital is no minor feat. It needs someone who has that ability to pull and support of capitalists and Central government to attract all sorts of help when asked - as said above : there is no better alternative than the incumbent Government . Let us evaluate our alternatives here : Opposition leader who rides on his father's fame (who in my opinion is one of those pullers - who isn't with us anymore but we might need such a guy) and some wanna be politicians who dosent even have experience in handling a single constituency and his party dosent even have the groundwork needed to propagate its agenda . If you think deeply, you cannot expect such people to build a new capital which requires all sorts of investments and lobbying in Delhi and from all over the world."
"238" "3.) Special category status is out of the question - speaking constitutionally . Keep aside your emotions and think for a while. We don't tick of anyone of the criteria mentioned in our great constitution. But the promise has been made by a scam ridden - communal card playing government which by all means knowing that it won't stand a chance in our state which implies that it didn't expect to win but wanted to unrest the incumbent government to use this card in the 2019 elections."
"239" "So instead of cribbing on this never going to happen issue, it is better to take what the Central government is offering which isnt the absolute package we want and need but somewhat decent one ( something is better than nothing)."
"240" "Now, its not the previous government or our present government or Opposition we have to blame - it is ourselves . We our thinking emotionally and the Opposition and others are using this perfectly to achieve their political aims and disrupt the ongoing smooth functioning if the government . Example : when an international investment summit is happening in Visakhapatnam do you really think it is correct- even morally to demonstrate your views? Yes you can. But the prestige and honour and pride of both our country and state were at stake. That one is not only politically incorrect but also on so many levels."
"241" "4.) Coming to the Pawan Kalyan factor : yes he has that crowd pulling ability but even if he wins ( which is not going to happen - in my opinion) do you really think he can attract all those FOREIGN INVESTMENTS for growth based development and building a Capital. It needs political charisma - ability to attract foreign agencies for help."
"242" "5.) Maintenance of Law and order and ability to negotiate peaceful terms with neighbouring state: This government has done some real work here."
"243" "Signing MoUs with power distribution companies and other states to supply 24×7 power."
"244" "Making good progress on river sharing problems ( compared to previous governments)."
"245" "To achieve and provide us with the above two basic provisions you need to maintain good relations with other governments and our own officials which itself shows that it is a credible government."
"246" "Recent examples of alternatives : Our leader of Opposition who recently threatened the Police and an IAS officer - “ I will see your task once I'll be the CM” and politicians wonder why we don't respect them."
"247" "My friends, what I'm asking is if you evaluate the 2.5yrs of work of this government i don't think it looks bad - we are on the forefront of SGDP, Ease of business doing, help from foreign government agencies such as Singapore, Japan and US, from MNCs (which look for political leaders who has the past of just not encouraging and welcoming them but to sustain that - NCBN has done that almost perfectly in the case of United AP in Hyderabad) to provide employment, and most importantly support from our own central government ( in my opinion until now it is not the best one - but yeah compared to other governments) ."
"248" "If we keep on protesting for issues like this and go against the central government it reminds me of another saying in telugu “ cheruvu meeda aligi - kadukoovadam maaneskodam”."
"249" "So if you weigh in all the above mentioned factors and think them (keeping your emotions aside) you got to decide whom YOU want to vote in the next elections."
"250" "The answer is a big Yes, Most of the people who answered here are either not residing in Andhra Pradesh or they aren’t aware of things happening in AP."
"251" "This time CBN became CM for a state that doesn’t have a capital and with a government deficit of about 17k Crores."
"252" "He has been converting crisis into an opportunity from Day 1 let me make you to go through the things happened in the state after he taking charge as CM in 2014."
"253" "HUDHUD in 2014"
"254" "After he took charge in 2014 HUDHUD was an uninvited guest it was the biggest cyclone in Vizag’s history as a Viziagite i knew it personally, my parents witnessed it. When HudHud hit Vizag i’m in Hyderabad, When things restored i called my mother and she said how harsh mother nature was. AP under the leadership of CBN is completely prepared and CBN brought normalcy in a week. He brought most of the government employees to Vizag and made them work to get things under control. In our area power was restored in 3 days, in Villages it took 5–6 days. He is the first one to reach Vizag after HUDHUD hit Vizag, he worked in a bus and brought things under control. He gave stern warnings to telecom operators and made them to restore their networks ASAP."
"255" "After 3 years recently this happened, Kudos to GVMC and AP Government."
"256" "Vizag"
"257" "He is trying hard to make Vizag an IT Hub. There is a huge tower construction going on Similar to Cyber Towers in Hyderabad named Millennium Tower. Once it’s done we can see things moving in a faster pace. There is even a lot of Pitching going on for promoting Vizag as a Fintech Valley."
"258" "TU-142 is brought to Vizag and that is being made as a museum, there are even plans of bringing INS Viraat to Vizag the talks are still happening. New Glass domed train to Araku"
"259" "GVMC will be the first Municipal Corporation in India to deploy a 100 mass electric two-wheeler mobility system. GVMC sanitary supervisors will be using these for their daily patrol and supervision."
"260" "Rise of Amaravati"
"261" "According to me Amaravati is the right place to be chosen as a capital it has got both the historical significance and the needed resources to be the futuristic capital of AP. Amaravati, a place with great heritage running back over 2000 years. No where in Independent India 30,000 acres of land is pooled voluntarily, it’s CBN’s innovative idea of land pooling that’s a win-win for both the government and farmers. Many states today are adopting CBN’s land pooling scheme for developmental activities in their states. Made Singapore Government to prepare master plan for Amaravati for free of cost."
"262" "Appointed Fosters + Partners [1]as the architects for the government complex. Here is the master plan that was recently submitted to Government of Andhra Pradesh by Foster + Partners. By looking at it I am sure and confident that Amaravati will be India's and one of world's best city. Brace yourself Chandigarh we are going to steal best city tag from you in two decades. This is the final design of our assembly building that is going to come up at our World class Amaravati."
"263" "For closely working with people of AP he wanted to shift from Hyderabad, With in 197 days he is able to do this in Amaravati"
"264" "Temporary Secretariat and Assembly are up and now functioning, Seed Axis roadworks are happening in full Swing. VIT, SRM started constructing their campuses in Amaravati. AIIMS construction started in Amaravati. Guntur to have it’s first five star hostel from ITC that is soon going to be inaugurated."
"265" "Singapore Government and AP Government signed an MOU recently. Singapore Government Consortium will develop a 6.58 Km of start up area which will be almost 16 times bigger and better than the Raheja Mind space in Hyderabad which was built when he was the erstwhile CM of AP."
"266" "Vijayawada got it’s brand new Airport terminal in less than an year"
"267" "Very soon The capital region of AP is going to get it's first Bus cum Boat service which is first of it's Kind in India. Trail run has been done recently"
"268" "Current status of Amaravati"
"269" "Check this Video for the status of Amaravati"
"270" "Uplifting Rayalaseema"
"271" "Rayalaseema getting most of the investments is a sign that CBN want to lift people of Seema from factionism."
"272" "Rayalaseema gets MI, Hero , KIA, Apollo tyres, ISUZU, Mega Seeds Factory, Oravakallu Airport, Jairaj Steel plant."
"273" "Do you know that Kochi Metro Coaches are Made in Andhra."
"274" "here is a video of Chitoor MI plant, the MI phone in your hand is Made in Andhra Pradesh. There is a huge lobbying going on for Apple manufacturing unit hopefully he will get that one too."
"275" "India’s biggest FDI after Modi announcing #MakeInIndia Kia Motors India entry to Anathapuram, AP. A Huge sum of 2 billion USD investment."
"276" "World’s largest Solar Plant in Kurnool of 1000MW is soon going to be inaugurated by Modi and CBN"
"277" "Most important thing is People of Seema got water through Pattiseema."
"278" "Power Reforms and Renewable Energy"
"279" "AP started it’s account as a power deficit state, CBN mobilized and managed to enter Centers power for all scheme and today AP is power surplus state. AP added almost 4000mw of renewable power capacity to it’s grid after CBN taking charge. Today AP is 100% electrified state after TN and Gujarat. AP distribution losses are the lowest in the country."
"280" "AP is the top 3 in distribution of LED bulbs you can check that here[2]"
"281" "You can track power cuts, Power supply to your city and towns in AP here[3]"
"282" "World’s largest Solar Park in AP in Kurnool 1000mw, This is bigger than the one in TN built by Adani."
"283" "3Gw of Renewable Energy Projects are in Pipeline"
"284" "Agriculture"
"285" "There is myth that CBN never cares about Agriculture, but he is going shut all of their mouths with his work. He waived off about 24,000 Crores of loans for farmers, UP is going to study our loan waiver scheme. Almost 13,000 crores are done till now and the remaining will be done in the next couple of years. For the first time in the country a special Budget for Agriculture was introduced."
"286" "In the last 3 years there are about 3.11 lakhs of Farm Ponds are being digged in AP. Data shows that Centre has built only 5,78,589 farm ponds. Andhra Pradesh has built 3,11,361 farm ponds, which is the highest by any State."
"287" "He is planning to build 20,000 check dams in an year. AP government, along with ISRO, has prepared an action plan to meet drinking water and irrigation needs in drought-prone areas, programme will be launched in Rayalaseema region soon."
"288" "Rain Guns and innovative way of saving crop in drought is being brought in place."
"289" "Special care for Polavaram the life line of AP, Made Every first day of Week Monday as Polavaram Day and inspecting it on weekly basics, after many years works are moving at faster pace, i’m sure polavaram will be completed under his leadership."
"290" "When states like TN and Karanataka are fighting for Cauvery water he built a Lift Irrigation project called Patissema Lift and saved 100+ TMC of water to sent water to Drought hit Rayalaseema."
"291" "AP is the first state in India to launch Plantix App for the farmers it can provide the information about the disease for the crop if any just with a photograph."
"292" "Picture from training sessions to farmers"
"293" "Started an amazing program called Manam-Vanam for planting trees and recently in recent ISFR 2017 rankings where India forest cover Increased by 1% and AP stood first with an increase of 2,141 sq km."
"294" "Healthcare:"
"295" "AP, first state in India to achieve Universal Health Security- Aarogya Raksha. It offers healthcare insurance to it’s citizens.[4]"
"296" "AP is the only state in the country to provide CT and MRI scanning free of cost at all district hospitals."
"297" "Talli Bidda Express, A special Ambulance service for pregnant women"
"298" "Reforms in Education:"
"299" "A special organization named AP Janmabhomi was formed to connect NRI to it's villages with 70% Government and 30% NRIS fund they are planning to convert 5000 government schools in AP to digital schools."
"300" "For stopping girl child dropouts Government has introduced a special scheme to girl child's living in rural villages. Every girl child will get a new cycle for going to school"
"301" "Technology in Administration:"
"302" "Our Chief is a big time believer of Technology here are some of the innovative things that make him so special. AP is the first state to have innovative dashboard[5] where we can track rainfall, street lights, groundwater levels and many more. It uses IOT first state in India to do so, many CMs don't even understand what IOT is. Many other states in India want to copy the same, recently Modi Govt launched similar kind of Dashboard on the occasion of completing 48 months in Govt."
"303" "CBN is using Kaizala App to take feedback from it’s citizens. After giving feedback many of my friends got phone calls regarding the feedback provided in the App and how can they improve."
"304" "We are going to take all departments online a project called e-pragati is floated and Microsoft is working with us."
"305" "AP is the first state to have Skype Bot in Skype where you will be provided information about the AP Transport Department[6]"
"306" "A citizen centric hotline has been started, dial in for 1100 and tell your problem, concerned team will look into it."
"307" "AP Fibre provides cheapest internet in India by a state government, Central government asked other states to follow AP Model. I have recently checked this in my hometown pretty impressed with the speed."
"308" "You get 250 Channels, 5GB of Unlimited internet and a Phone connection for 150 Rupees. The Box costs 5000 rupees which can be availed through EMI."
"309" "AP disaster management is the first state in India to use technology that can locate the fall of a thunderbolt 30 minutes in advance."
"310" "We have technology for tracking the live rain fall, weather etc. we developed that in association with ISRO.[7] Just go through the link you will love it."
"311" "We have a Real Time Governance center for tracking the progress of all the departments."
"312" "Real Time Governance(RTG) center include Hitachi visualization suite for matrix surveillance and public safety first of its kind in India, Pentaho bi suite, for real time data analytics, Barco video wall, the biggest laser-lit wall in India with 24 screens, Matrix camera analytics and data analytics from different departments are displayed on the laser-lit wall and processing in real time governance."
"313" "Recently Ambani hailed CBN for RTG"
"314" "Check this out, Chandra Babu Naidu: Father of E-Governance a Video From Davos"
"315" "Smart Streets - A Pilot Project by Cisco and Govt of AP, First time in India."
"316" "Don't Miss it, Have a look here:"
"317" "http://players.brightcove.net/13..."
"318" "AP is trying integrate a Virtual Assistant with which people can interact and know the information about the state. Here is the Demo of it from the recent Partnership Summit."
"319" "Great Push to Tourism in Sunrise State"
"320" "CBN always wanted Tourism industry in AP to develop right from his previous stint he is man who had vision to develop AP as most sought out tourist destination in India. 2000 hotel rooms will be added in AP in the next 2–3 years. Check out some amazing snaps of various places in AP here[8] ."
"321" "Recent Punnami Orvakal Festival, Festivals in Cities like Kakinada, Vizag and other places shows their effort in promoting tourism in AP"
"322" "Indian Idol Revanth at recent Orvakal Festival."
"323" "Building Smart Villages"
"324" "Modi gave a call for building smart cities but CBN has different vision he wants to make villages smart. A Pilot Project has been started and successfully implemented in a Village called Mori in East Godavari District. It’s one of India’s most hi tech village. It’s 100% cashless, every house is connected with AP Fibre(Government Internet and Cable Connection), Water conservation, 100% ODF, Village is completely WiFi enabled, every citizen has a bank account and a solid waste management system."
"325" "University of California Berkeley & Government of Andhra Pradesh has been working on it, Solomon Darwin (who is the director of Garwood Center[13]) a professor from UCB who hails from Andhra Pradesh is leading this project, Thanks to him and his team. Phase 2 works are going to start very soon now they are going to make 456 villages smart, I’m very impressed with this project and CBN’s vision of making villages smart."
"326" "Some of the Investments that Came to AP after CBN taking charge:"
"327" "As on 5th March 2018"
"328" "You can track the investments and employment stats here."
"329" "Some unkown Schemes in AP:"
"330" "Awards and Achievements in the last three years:"
"331" "Sector Wise Awards for AP from the past 3 years"
"332" "I can say no other state in India has achieved so much as AP did in the past 3 years."
"333" "A small video on what AP has achieved in the past three years. Story of state that is trying hard after a painful division by Congis. I have no doubt under the leadership of Modi world will be talking about India and in India our state will be leading the reforms from front under the leadership of CBN."
"334" "Note:"
"335" "This is for people of Andhra Pradesh"
"336" "Get to know what’s happening in your state and then comment about the leadership and all, most of the people i spoke don’t even know what’s happening they just comment as there is problem with CBN ruling the state. Problem with our people is vested interests drive our state people don’t like this man for no reason. Many other states people admire him so much and want him as their CM, people of TN would happily take him as CM if offered they are the one who knows it better about the leadership Crisis. Some people of our state feel a actor turned politician a +2 dropout can change our state. Some feel South India’s King of Corruption can change this state. Grow up people when we have a leader who can turn things around why do you people look for options"
"337" "Edit: Will keep on updating the latest developments here watch this space."
"338" "Thanks for the up votes."
"339" "#1 — Google tracks you. We don’t."
"340" "You share your most intimate secrets with your search engine without even thinking: medical, financial and personal issues, along with all the day to day things that make you, well, you. All of that personal information should be private, but on Google i..."
"341" "I read @Subramanyam Molleti’s overwhelmingly lengthy report which shows his love for Naidu and he tried to give as much publicity he could to impress Quorans. Well..am from AP and I voted for Naidu (not TDP) in 2014 elections considering his past experience and I regret it. @Subramanyam Molleti’s report is completely copied from CM dash board which is full of false figures. His report lost his credibility when he said “as far as my knowledge is concerned AP is the only state that has Brahmin Corporation.” I want to educate him a little. Dear Subramanyam garu, it was KCR who established caste wise corporations first and Telangana Brahmin Parishad was established in the beginning of 2016. CBN either copies it from KCR or revamps it. The list of companies mentioned in your report started their ops long back (Sricity’s credit should be given to late Dr YS Rajasekhar Reddy). I hail from an agricultural family and I see only tears in farmers’ eyes. The ruling TDP has gone to such an extent where at this juncture they care only for funds, nothing else. Chittoor dist is famous for Mangoes and pulp industries. The ruling TDP collected funds from these pulp industry owners on a condition and as a result they all formed a syndicate bringing down the price of mangoes to Rs.4 per kg. Do you have any idea what a farmer’s life is when all his hardwork and investment goes into ashes? Probably not. Speak facts instead of being a mouthpiece."
"342" "NO"
"343" "He is a nepotistic. He want only his caste and region(vijayawada - guntur) to develop"
"344" "All other castes and regions are nothing to him. He is least bothered about other caste and regions"
"345" "Few examples:"
"346" "He again want to centralise total development to vijayawada (which is not possible as hyderabad as hyderabad already in 1990s witnessed Cosmo culture on the other hand vijayawada dosent have cosmo culture and it won't happen in near future). Very soon saperate Uttara dhara and seperate rayalaseema movements might start"
"347" "There is popular saying in vizag"
"348" "HE IS CHIEF MINISTER TO “KAMMA” CASTE and"
"349" "HE IS CHIEF MINISTER TO ONLY VIJAYAWADA AND GUNTUR"
"350" "As rightly said by Author AP is stepping towards success in Chandra Babu Naidu rule."
"351" "Challenges in AP CBN faced:"
"352" "Despite all these issues CBN was able to achive below points:"
"353" "The main issue here is that BJP is playing a divide and rule policy in AP based on caste and creed using opposition parties. So this set of people even if CBN makes AP no1 they will try to find bad in that."
"354" "In the next 3–4 years we are going to see an extra ordinary city and state in INDIA."
"355" "Answer a big NO."
"356" "Currently the situation of Andhra Pradesh is pathetic and cbn has screwed it like anything."
"357" "It all started with wasting crores of rupees for his and his family benefits. He and his family stayed in presidential suite in hotel hayat for years altogether where no president stayed for more than 3 days and paid crores of rupees. Spent 100 of crores for hia family foreign tours."
"358" "He opposed special status saying there is no benefit in it and agreed special package and suppressed SCS agitation. He declared SCS as a closed chapter. However he took uturn on SCS as he could not face public anger."
"359" "Huge and massive corruption everywhere in AP that no one could imagine."
"360" "1.75L cr debt from world bank, 1.5Lcr*5 years budget + special package + land scams + sand +minerals+sandalwood and other income."
"361" "No one in the state knows where is this money."
"362" "Look at the report form CAG which says 0 out of 88 projects got completed. All projects went onto huge corruption."
"363" "Looted the lands in capital region and people of AP and other states lost the opportunity for inclusive development as all lands got alerady occupied by politicians. Investors local ot other states stayed away from Amaravathi. Read the book 'Whos capital is Amaravathi' written by AP cheif secretary."
"364" "If by development, if you mean Spending millions -Yes."
"365" "But, I don't see any sustainable growth in andhrapradesh, the promotional video for Amaravathi(The Newly formed state’s capital) where there are tons of laborers working without basic Safety equipment is just a sign."
"366" "If you are planning to build a singapore, you must start building a singapore, you dont build foundations on somalian laour laws and expect the outcome to be of singaporean."
"367" "Mr. Naidu, failed to improve Basic Education and Medical facilities to the working class, increasing number of collages is not the answer, they must improve quality of education."
"368" "you don’t pay government hospitals to carryout medical treatment on behalf of state and take pride in it, you develop your own medical infra to meet the requirements."
"369" "what I Meant by these is that, Mr. Naidu failed miserably, yes the Big Billions he is spending obviously will give birth to few concrete structures and a few awards will follow with all the marketing he is doing, But they are not sustainable."
"370" "The state is failing bad, with the attitude of the party members and I dont think the way babu horse traded MLA’s is for the states developemnt."
"371" "How is Andhra Pradesh doing under Chandra Babu Naidu?"
"372" "LET US ANALYZE IN DETAILSPROS:1) Amaravathi Master planThe govt has acquired 33,000 acres of land in  Vijayawada-Guntur  which is proposed as the state capital.His Govt has followed best land pooling scheme in the country.Most of the farmers gave up their land voluntarily.The best thing is acquiring few acres of land for extending a road or constructing a building is of great hardship in the country which involves lots of court cases and development of capital comes to halt.I think this is one of the major achievement2) AP's brand image He is leaving no stone unturned to highlight AP's brand image internationally.He has toured Japan,Singapore and China recently to bring the foreign Investments.The masterplan of Amaravathi has been by developed by the Singapore.Japan agreed for major investments in the state.He met Bill Gates,Satya Nadella etc for investments in AP3) Setting up Major IndustriesIn April 2015, Hon’ble Chief Minister inaugurated a beverage plant by Pepsi Co. at Sri City with investment of INR 1,200 crore.The Government of Andhra Pradesh signed an MoU with Asian Paints which is setting up a manufacturing unit in Pudi Village of Visakhapatnam with an investment of Rs 1,750 crore.Facilities of 11 global firms encompassing INR 980 crore of investment were inaugurated and foundation stones were laid for another 11 units at around INR 1,000 croreGlobal Pharma major Mylan is investing additional $5 billion in Andhra Pradesh to expand presence.HPCL has proposed to set up a Refinery with proposed investment of INR 17,000 crore.VEM Technologies is setting up Aerocity with proposed investment of INR 2,000 crore.Jai Raj Ispat Ltd is setting up a TMT bars manufacturing unit with proposed investment of INR 3,000 crore.MoU has been signed with 18 ancillary Industries attached to ISUZU India Limited at Sricity with a total investment of INR 900 crore.Hero Motors to set up its motorcycle manufacturing plant in the stateUnder the MSMEs category, 2,595 companies have materialized with a total investment of INR 2,154 crore. These will create employment opportunities for 45,446 people.Under the Large industries category, 33 companies have materialized with a total investment of INR 3,380 crore. These industries will create 13,551 jobs.Wipro has come forward to ramp up its manpower by 7,000 employeesTech Mahindra will create an additional employment of 5,000 in VisakhapatnamCONS:1) Special Status Pace of development is really good but he is not able to succeed in granting the special status to the state from the Central Govt.The special status issue has been potrayed as matter of self respect by the opposition and now is hurting people's centiments.The Special status improves the state Economically and improves its opportunities.2) Govt EmployeesHe is very much lenient towards Govt employees as most of the employees are now reluctant to move to the State capital region from Hyderabad which is a serious concern.Since CBN wants to rule from Vijayawada but the Administration is in Hyderabad then it creates hurdles in developmentCBN who was known for his strictness and discipline on govt employees looks leniant and Employees started demanding benefits for their stay in the Capital region which is highly impossible as the State is deficit.On the whole his performance his good but the special status is of major concern as of now."
"373" "In April 2015, Hon’ble Chief Minister inaugurated a beverage plant by Pepsi Co. at Sri City with investment of INR 1,200 crore."
"374" "The Government of Andhra Pradesh signed an MoU with Asian Paints which is setting up a manufacturing unit in Pudi Village of Visakhapatnam with an investment of Rs 1,750 crore."
"375" "Facilities of 11 global firms encompassing INR 980 crore of investment were inaugurated and foundation stones were laid for another 11 units at around INR 1,000 crore"
"376" "Global Pharma major Mylan is investing additional $5 billion in Andhra Pradesh to expand presence."
"377" "HPCL has proposed to set up a Refinery with proposed investment of INR 17,000 crore."
"378" "VEM Technologies is setting up Aerocity with proposed investment of INR 2,000 crore."
"379" "Jai Raj Ispat Ltd is setting up a TMT bars manufacturing unit with proposed investment of INR 3,000 crore."
"380" "MoU has been signed with 18 ancillary Industries attached to ISUZU India Limited at Sricity with a total investment of INR 900 crore."
"381" "Hero Motors to set up its motorcycle manufacturing plant in the state"
"382" "Under the MSMEs category, 2,595 companies have materialized with a total investment of INR 2,154 crore. These will create employment opportunities for 45,446 people."
"383" "Under the Large industries category, 33 companies have materialized with a total investment of INR 3,380 crore. These industries will create 13,551 jobs."
"384" "Wipro has come forward to ramp up its manpower by 7,000 employees"
"385" "Tech Mahindra will create an additional employment of 5,000 in Visakhapatnam"
"386" "How do Andhra people rate their current CM Chandra Babu Naidu?"
"387" "How do Andhra people rate their current CM Chandra Babu Naidu?"
"388" "Will Chandra Babu Naidu win 2019 elections in AP?"
"389" "Will Chandra Babu Naidu win 2019 elections in AP?"
"390" "Is Andhra Pradesh developing under Chandrababu Naidu?"
"391" "Is Andhra Pradesh developing under Chandrababu Naidu?"
"392" "As someone in Andhra Pradesh, where do you see your state in the next four years, under Chandra Babu's governance?"
"393" "As someone in Andhra Pradesh, where do you see your state in the next four years, under Chandra Babu's governance?"
"394" "After Chandra Babu Naidu who is the more capable Chief minister to Andhra Pradesh?"
"395" "After Chandra Babu Naidu who is the more capable Chief minister to Andhra Pradesh?"
"396" "Thanks for A2AAfter bifurcation Andhra pradesh became one of the poor states in india with a huge fiscal deficit… in spite of this Andhra is doing good under leadership of CBN(with the minimal support from the NDA govt)Major achievementsSuccessfully convinced AP employees to shift from Hyderabad to Vijayawada..with this a new phase in AP history began from Oct 3rd,with a full fledged Secretariat functioning from Velagapudi(about 30km from Vijayawada) it is very difficult process as most of the employees resisted to shift to Vijayawada. in spite of all difficulties they cooperated well with the govt(kudos to them)Successfully completed the Pattiseema project (Krishna-godavari river linking project) it will provide irrigation to 7 lakh acres of form land in the state.AP stands 1st in india in GSDP growth rate,with 10.99% growth in GSDP for 2015–2016…in terms of per capita income at current prices,AP crossed Rs.1 lakh mark for the first time during 2015–16.AP(along with Telangana) Top Ease of doing business Rankings in 2016..Both states successfully implemented reform measures proposed by the world bank&DIPP n got score of 98.78…this a positive sign as CMs of both States working hard for the development of their respective states.Andra pradesh emerged as first state in the country to become Open Defecation Free in urban areas.Successfully achieved 24x7 power supply(kudos to NDA government as they selected AP for the implementation of the pilot project,power shared b/w both States based on the basis of consumption while assets n debts were distributed based on population..so this project was very crucial for AP then)Vizag, afer such a massive attack(HUD HUD) emerged as one of the cleanest cities in india,it was ranked 5th in the list of clean cities in India.Sunrise start-up village, AP became the first state in the country to formulate a start-up policy.Andhra is the first state in india to hold a paper free e-cabinet (making AP role model in e- governance)The application Big Data analysis on the civil supplies data to wipe off fake entries in saving an yearly Rs.700crIn the span of Two years,AP registered a staggering 59% growth in AviationOther Developmental programsAndhra pradesh is focusing to attract more investments in auto,defence,biotech,IT& Food processing industries.Union government sanctioned 11 prestigious central institutions to the AP state.CBN launched 15Mbps broadband plan at Rs.149 and 100Mbps broadband plan at Rs.999(paved way for the world's cheapest internet connectivity system)He introduced online vehicle registration,this will eliminate the need for agents& making the process a lot simple.He launched online grievance portal 'meekosam’Launched Neeru chettu along with Janmabhoomi, to maintain the ecological balance in the state.Launched Knowledge Mission in April 7,2015 as a first step in transforming Andhra into a education n Knowledge state.Launched the NTR sujala program to provide 20 liters of mineral water for just Rs.2 only.Health: to provide top notch health care even in remote villages in the state,CBN launched the chandranna sanchara chikitsa & mobile healthcare units.Agriculture: he launched the Primary mission along with Dr. Kalam to make agriculture&allied sectors profitable, 2lakh energy efficient water pumps to be given to farmers across the state for free.Trying to curb Red sandal,mineral& sand mafia in AP.He launched the several Food parks aross various districts.I hope CBN will strictly implement all the above programs for the overall development of Andhra pradesh,as it is well known fact that we Indians are good at policy making but very bad at implementation.. it need a strong political will(of course layman's support)Controversies/criticismHe faced huge criticism in ‘cash for vote' scandal with this entire issue he definitely weakened his position as a strong n influential leader at the national level..it is one of his biggest mistakes(almost caught red handedly, as propounded by the all media houses) in his entire political career but soon this issue lost its momentum as they(CBN n KCR) may be compromised internally or they failed to get concrete evidences against CBN or he may be managed this issue by using his influence in center.. god only knows.People criticizing him as he was not fulfilled his promise of farmer loan waiver& dwacra loan waiver completely (of course he has waived some loans n trying to do it in a phased manner as state is running under low budget but some people are not satisfied with his work so he is facing the criticism)…it was one of the most important poll promises to attract the farmers (he got anti-farmer tag for his previous works, so he tried to woo them) actually it is not a CBN policy he didn't promote freebies in any form during his previous tenure rather he tried to provide resources or tried to help them to come out from the difficulties n wanted people to work hard(this is the best quality of him as a remarkable administrator) but in course of time people got obsessed with freebies n started supporting only those who provides everything for free…what else we expect from him now he also changed his strategies to win people's support..Serious agitations by kapu community: during elections CBN promised to include kapu caste under BC category..but he didn't implement that after came into power.. it is also one of his strategies to get their support(IMO he left with no other choice as Reddy, SC/ST minorities,muslims were with YSRCP, kapu's support was crucial for him to win in the election and he also successfully utilized the pawan kalyan fan base) but this was a wrong move, because it is the right time to abolish caste based reservations n make sure that only poor n unprivileged to get benefits out of it.. but these kind of promises will mislead the people n led to the unnecessary agitations.Special category status issue: it is clear that AP will never get the SCS as FFC recommended to increase States revenue share from 32% to 42% then SCS issue went out of context.. so CBN accepted special packages from the center..for that he is facing huge criticism from the people n opposition parties for not fighting enough with the center to get SCS… practically he doesn't has any power or he is not in a position to demand anything as bjp became very very strong at the center.Employment issues: it is also one of his poll promises… he is working on that..he is not a magician to provide employments instantly…And to get down to reality, how can we build things in overnight??? It needs substantial ground work..with lot of investments coming in various industries surely will help to provide employment for the youth but it will take time IMO it is too early to judge him in this issue.Polavaram project issue: i have gone through some comments like CBN failed to complete the polavaram project… it is a national project now..Central government is aiding to this project.. state has to get proper funds from the center on time to fasten it's work anyway recently NABARD agreed to fully fund the polavaram project.. I hope it will finish by 2018 without any delays under the TDP government.And of course the Very Unfortunate Godavari pushkaram stampede on the very first day.. it was clearly exposed the failure of crowd management.Most Concerning issueCorruption:after TDP came to power the Corruption at the Local level is increasing day by day… it is well known fact that all those MLA's n MP's got their seats from the party by paying huge amounts(in crores) they want to earn back their money so they are trying to block/divert the funds which are actually should reach to the panchayats for the developmental programs..and another thing is, in Andhra pradesh,74.3% of respondents reported Corruption as a 'severe' problem according to NCAER survey… as a CM of AP, CBN should take proper action against corrupted officials n should try to eradicate Corruption at the ground level.. otherwise he will face serious consequences in upcoming elections in 2019..No matter how hard he is working to get investments n for all other developmental programs,his all efforts will go in vain if he don't do anything to curb the Corruption..Overall Andhra pradesh is doing good under Chandrababu Naidu..I do not disagree that CBN is not FLAWED,of course he is,but my point is WHO IS NOT??He is corrupt, but WHO IS NOT??No one is 100% perfect.. what I am trying to say is that we should at least appreciate his efforts…He has vision,he works hard, he will execute well…but what he need is proper help from center n layman's support(people should keep in mind that with in just two years it's impossible to fulfill all his poll promises completely) let's hope for the best to the newly formed Andhra pradesh in coming years..( Opinions expressed here are my personal, No offense if others feel different,my million apologies for those who think I am wrong)Thank you…"
"397" "Thanks for A2A"
"398" "After bifurcation Andhra pradesh became one of the poor states in india with a huge fiscal deficit… in spite of this Andhra is doing good under leadership of CBN(with the minimal support from the NDA govt)"
"399" "Major achievements"
"400" "Successfully convinced AP employees to shift from Hyderabad to Vijayawada..with this a new phase in AP history began from Oct 3rd,with a full fledged Secretariat functioning from Velagapudi(about 30km from Vijayawada) it is very difficult process as most of the employees resisted to shift to Vijayawada. in spite of all difficulties they cooperated well with the govt(kudos to them)"
"401" "Successfully completed the Pattiseema project (Krishna-godavari river linking project) it will provide irrigation to 7 lakh acres of form land in the state."
"402" "AP stands 1st in india in GSDP growth rate,with 10.99% growth in GSDP for 2015–2016…in terms of per capita income at current prices,AP crossed Rs.1 lakh mark for the first time during 2015–16."
"403" "AP(along with Telangana) Top Ease of doing business Rankings in 2016..Both states successfully implemented reform measures proposed by the world bank&DIPP n got score of 98.78…this a positive sign as CMs of both States working hard for the development of their respective states."
"404" "Andra pradesh emerged as first state in the country to become Open Defecation Free in urban areas."
"405" "Successfully achieved 24x7 power supply(kudos to NDA government as they selected AP for the implementation of the pilot project,power shared b/w both States based on the basis of consumption while assets n debts were distributed based on population..so this project was very crucial for AP then)"
"406" "Vizag, afer such a massive attack(HUD HUD) emerged as one of the cleanest cities in india,it was ranked 5th in the list of clean cities in India."
"407" "Sunrise start-up village, AP became the first state in the country to formulate a start-up policy."
"408" "Andhra is the first state in india to hold a paper free e-cabinet (making AP role model in e- governance)"
"409" "The application Big Data analysis on the civil supplies data to wipe off fake entries in saving an yearly Rs.700cr"
"410" "In the span of Two years,AP registered a staggering 59% growth in Aviation"
"411" "Other Developmental programs"
"412" "Andhra pradesh is focusing to attract more investments in auto,defence,biotech,IT& Food processing industries."
"413" "Union government sanctioned 11 prestigious central institutions to the AP state."
"414" "CBN launched 15Mbps broadband plan at Rs.149 and 100Mbps broadband plan at Rs.999(paved way for the world's cheapest internet connectivity system)"
"415" "He introduced online vehicle registration,this will eliminate the need for agents& making the process a lot simple."
"416" "He launched online grievance portal 'meekosam’"
"417" "Launched Neeru chettu along with Janmabhoomi, to maintain the ecological balance in the state."
"418" "Launched Knowledge Mission in April 7,2015 as a first step in transforming Andhra into a education n Knowledge state."
"419" "Launched the NTR sujala program to provide 20 liters of mineral water for just Rs.2 only."
"420" "Health: to provide top notch health care even in remote villages in the state,CBN launched the chandranna sanchara chikitsa & mobile healthcare units."
"421" "Agriculture: he launched the Primary mission along with Dr. Kalam to make agriculture&allied sectors profitable, 2lakh energy efficient water pumps to be given to farmers across the state for free."
"422" "Trying to curb Red sandal,mineral& sand mafia in AP."
"423" "He launched the several Food parks aross various districts."
"424" "I hope CBN will strictly implement all the above programs for the overall development of Andhra pradesh,as it is well known fact that we Indians are good at policy making but very bad at implementation.. it need a strong political will(of course layman's support)"
"425" "Controversies/criticism"
"426" "He faced huge criticism in ‘cash for vote' scandal with this entire issue he definitely weakened his position as a strong n influential leader at the national level..it is one of his biggest mistakes(almost caught red handedly, as propounded by the all media houses) in his entire political career but soon this issue lost its momentum as they(CBN n KCR) may be compromised internally or they failed to get concrete evidences against CBN or he may be managed this issue by using his influence in center.. god only knows."
"427" "People criticizing him as he was not fulfilled his promise of farmer loan waiver& dwacra loan waiver completely (of course he has waived some loans n trying to do it in a phased manner as state is running under low budget but some people are not satisfied with his work so he is facing the criticism)…it was one of the most important poll promises to attract the farmers (he got anti-farmer tag for his previous works, so he tried to woo them) actually it is not a CBN policy he didn't promote freebies in any form during his previous tenure rather he tried to provide resources or tried to help them to come out from the difficulties n wanted people to work hard(this is the best quality of him as a remarkable administrator) but in course of time people got obsessed with freebies n started supporting only those who provides everything for free…what else we expect from him now he also changed his strategies to win people's support.."
"428" "Serious agitations by kapu community: during elections CBN promised to include kapu caste under BC category..but he didn't implement that after came into power.. it is also one of his strategies to get their support(IMO he left with no other choice as Reddy, SC/ST minorities,muslims were with YSRCP, kapu's support was crucial for him to win in the election and he also successfully utilized the pawan kalyan fan base) but this was a wrong move, because it is the right time to abolish caste based reservations n make sure that only poor n unprivileged to get benefits out of it.. but these kind of promises will mislead the people n led to the unnecessary agitations."
"429" "Special category status issue: it is clear that AP will never get the SCS as FFC recommended to increase States revenue share from 32% to 42% then SCS issue went out of context.. so CBN accepted special packages from the center..for that he is facing huge criticism from the people n opposition parties for not fighting enough with the center to get SCS… practically he doesn't has any power or he is not in a position to demand anything as bjp became very very strong at the center."
"430" "Employment issues: it is also one of his poll promises… he is working on that..he is not a magician to provide employments instantly…And to get down to reality, how can we build things in overnight??? It needs substantial ground work..with lot of investments coming in various industries surely will help to provide employment for the youth but it will take time IMO it is too early to judge him in this issue."
"431" "Polavaram project issue: i have gone through some comments like CBN failed to complete the polavaram project… it is a national project now..Central government is aiding to this project.. state has to get proper funds from the center on time to fasten it's work anyway recently NABARD agreed to fully fund the polavaram project.. I hope it will finish by 2018 without any delays under the TDP government."
"432" "And of course the Very Unfortunate Godavari pushkaram stampede on the very first day.. it was clearly exposed the failure of crowd management."
"433" "Most Concerning issue"
"434" "Corruption:after TDP came to power the Corruption at the Local level is increasing day by day… it is well known fact that all those MLA's n MP's got their seats from the party by paying huge amounts(in crores) they want to earn back their money so they are trying to block/divert the funds which are actually should reach to the panchayats for the developmental programs..and another thing is, in Andhra pradesh,74.3% of respondents reported Corruption as a 'severe' problem according to NCAER survey… as a CM of AP, CBN should take proper action against corrupted officials n should try to eradicate Corruption at the ground level.. otherwise he will face serious consequences in upcoming elections in 2019..No matter how hard he is working to get investments n for all other developmental programs,his all efforts will go in vain if he don't do anything to curb the Corruption.."
"435" "Overall Andhra pradesh is doing good under Chandrababu Naidu.."
"436" "I do not disagree that CBN is not FLAWED,of course he is,but my point is WHO IS NOT??"
"437" "He is corrupt, but WHO IS NOT??"
"438" "No one is 100% perfect.. what I am trying to say is that we should at least appreciate his efforts…"
"439" "He has vision,he works hard, he will execute well…but what he need is proper help from center n layman's support(people should keep in mind that with in just two years it's impossible to fulfill all his poll promises completely) let's hope for the best to the newly formed Andhra pradesh in coming years.."
"440" "( Opinions expressed here are my personal, No offense if others feel different,my million apologies for those who think I am wrong)"
"441" "Thank you…"
"442" "Setting up IT parks and expanding a city is not called development and vision is narrowed.His focus was only on Hyderabad.Now it is Amaravathi.You can say he contributed in bringing IT but that is different from development. Before CBN , Nizams brought in hospitals, universities,set up parks , underground drainage etc. In fact Hyderabad was planned city. Osmania University was set up by Nizam not by Chandrababu Naidu. Hyderabad Public School was setup by Nizams not Chandrababu. Chandrababu did nothing to improve quality of education. Osmania University was never bothered by Chandrababu nor he took care to improve its standard. Osmania University was once know for its quality Education was marketed and is still being marketed. Now he has the same people in cabinet who market education. How can he provide quality education to people ?Hyderabad is the best example. Hyderabad was city of lakes and city of gardens. Increased real estate growth driven IT by sector caused encroachments of lakes and disappearing of parks. Hyderabad was famous for its lakes where lakes are cascaded now the city hardly has any lakes.Now people hardly have any lung space in the city or good quality schools. If IT sector is contributed by CBN then CBN should also bear responsibility for loss of lakes, loss of parks, real estate mafia, poor quality of education and health.If you are going set up an IT park , you should have vision of how and where we can accommodate people working in IT companies. Planning the city layout considering the influx of population. How we can set up schools f or the people ? A lot is considered.Developing only Amaravathi is not called vision ."
"443" "Setting up IT parks and expanding a city is not called development and vision is narrowed."
"444" "His focus was only on Hyderabad.Now it is Amaravathi."
"445" "You can say he contributed in bringing IT but that is different from development. Before CBN , Nizams brought in hospitals, universities,set up parks , underground drainage etc. In fact Hyderabad was planned city. Osmania University was set up by Nizam not by Chandrababu Naidu. Hyderabad Public School was setup by Nizams not Chandrababu. Chandrababu did nothing to improve quality of education. Osmania University was never bothered by Chandrababu nor he took care to improve its standard. Osmania University was once know for its quality Education was marketed and is still being marketed. Now he has the same people in cabinet who market education. How can he provide quality education to people ?"
"446" "Hyderabad is the best example. Hyderabad was city of lakes and city of gardens. Increased real estate growth driven IT by sector caused encroachments of lakes and disappearing of parks. Hyderabad was famous for its lakes where lakes are cascaded now the city hardly has any lakes.Now people hardly have any lung space in the city or good quality schools. If IT sector is contributed by CBN then CBN should also bear responsibility for loss of lakes, loss of parks, real estate mafia, poor quality of education and health."
"447" "If you are going set up an IT park , you should have vision of how and where we can accommodate people working in IT companies. Planning the city layout considering the influx of population. How we can set up schools f or the people ? A lot is considered."
"448" "Developing only Amaravathi is not called vision ."
"500" "Chandrababu Naidu was in Congress party and contested elections for A.P. assembly, in 1982/83 against Telugu Desam Party (Founded by his Father in law and famous hero Dr. N. T. Rama Rao). He was defeated in those elections, after which the TDP formed the Government and NTR became the chief minister."
