"V1"
"1" "If YSRCP wins 2019 elections."
"2" "It will be proven once again that people in Andhra Pradesh are known to make stupidest of the decisions. I do not want to personally attack Mr. Y.S.Jagan or talk about corruption etc., Ultimately, there is corruption in every government."
"3" "My issue is that, YSRCP lacks vision. It’s a party born not based on a specific ideology, but based on hate politics. It hated congress when the latter was in power for not crowning Jagan as its Andhra Prince. Now that congress is virtually dead, it hates CBN and TDP. It needs that hate to feed on and it can not survive without that."
"4" "Although, CBN is going the same freebie way, it was the Late YSR who kickstarted this movement."
"5" "Andhra needs industries and investments. I also think YSRCP will ignore both and continue to be heavily pro farmer driving the state further into debt and trouble."
"6" "YSRCP vowed to return all lands of Amaravati farmers if and once they come into power. So, you can safely consider the capital city construction to fully stop if they win. No matter what the name of TDP is among common public, CBN carries a lot of brand image with industrialists in the country and abroad. I personally think, he will be able to bring more industries if he wins for the second term. It takes time to bring investments and materialize them and 3 years is a very short time."
"7" "Albeit all that, I think there is a high chance of CBN winning in 2019, but even if he did not, BJP may win at the center and I doubt YSRCP can go well with BJP. YSRCP has been blaming TDP for not getting special status (nobody can get SCS and its a closed and outdated issue. The quicker Andhrites can come to peace with that, the better) but if YSRCP comes to power a lot of central help for a lot of projects will stall. Projects like Anantapur-Amaravathi Highway which could be a lifeline for the backward rayalaseema, Capital City Construction, Polavaram etc., may stall."
"8" "Instead of harping on same old non-issues like SCS and note for vote case against CBN, YSRCP should focus on highlighting real people problems. There were many instances where TDP workers assaulted people, occupied peoples lands etc., As the only opposition party in the state, YSRCP should focus on highlighting any of the atrocities like that."
"9" "Will Chandra Babu Naidu win 2019 elections in AP?"
"10" "Who would be the CM of Andhra Pradesh in 2019?"
"11" "Why do some people of Andhra Pradesh still support Jagan and the YSRCP?"
"12" "Is TDP strong enough to win 2019 elections in Andhra Pradesh?"
"13" "How did YSRCP manage to get so many votes in the 2014 elections in Andhra Pradesh?"
"14" "Who will win the 2019 elections in Andhra Pradesh?"
"15" "What are the chances of YSRCP winning the 2019 assembly elections in Andhra Pradesh?"
"16" "Who will win the State and General elections in Andhra Pradesh in 2014?"
"17" "Who is Pappu of Andhra Pradesh?"
"18" "Will the Congress win the Andhra Pradesh 2019 election? Why has it lost the ground in AP?"
"19" "If YS Jagan Mohan Reddy will be the CM of Andhra Pradesh in 2019, where will he rule from, Amaravati or Hyderabad?"
"20" "Is the Janasena Party strong enough to win the 2019 elections in Andhra Pradesh?"
"21" "Who will become CM of Andhra Pradesh in 2019, Pawan Kalyan, Jagan, or CBN?"
"22" "Will the TDP government face a huge anti-incumbency in the 2019 elections in Andhra Pradesh?"
"23" "Is Andhra Pradesh developing under Chandrababu Naidu?"
"24" "What are the prospects of Y. S. Jagan in the 2019 Andhra Pradesh Assembly elections?"
"25" "Will there be chances for the hung parliament in the upcoming 2019 elections in Andhra Pradesh?"
"26" "Will TDP win the Andhra Pradesh Assembly election in 2019?"
"27" "What will be the situation if government changed in Andhra Pradesh in 2019 general elections?"
"28" "Who is more likely to win the 2019 assembly and Lok Sabha elections in Andhra Pradesh? What are the chances of congress coming back?"
"29" "Will Chandra Babu Naidu win 2019 elections in AP?"
"30" "Who would be the CM of Andhra Pradesh in 2019?"
"31" "Why do some people of Andhra Pradesh still support Jagan and the YSRCP?"
"32" "Is TDP strong enough to win 2019 elections in Andhra Pradesh?"
"33" "How did YSRCP manage to get so many votes in the 2014 elections in Andhra Pradesh?"
"34" "Who will win the 2019 elections in Andhra Pradesh?"
"35" "What are the chances of YSRCP winning the 2019 assembly elections in Andhra Pradesh?"
"36" "Who will win the State and General elections in Andhra Pradesh in 2014?"
"37" "Who is Pappu of Andhra Pradesh?"
"38" "Will the Congress win the Andhra Pradesh 2019 election? Why has it lost the ground in AP?"
"39" "Let's talk about previous assembly elections 2014. Not even Mr. Naidu would have expected that he is going to win talking about at the time one month before elections, as Mr.YS jagan was the front runner at that point of time. Vote percentages for the parties are TDP is 47.00<U+2105> and YSRCP is 45.5<U+2105> rounded off closely. Last time Babu plus points are Modi wave, Pawan Kalyan, over 600 poll promises and experience."
"40" "Out of the total 175 Assembly seats in Seemandhra, the TDP won 102 and the YSRCP won 67. TDP polled 1,33,72,862 votes against the YSRCP’s 1,27,71, 323. The difference between the two parties was only 6,01,539 votes but this was enough for the TDP to get 35 more seats. The victory margins were quite small. For 26 seats that the YSRCP won and 14 seats that the TDP won, the margin was between 100 and 5000."
"41" "TDP Goverment done so far about poll promises:"
"42" "Reasons for decrease of TDP graph"
"43" "What will work for YSRCP in 2019 elections:"
"44" "Lots of people over here are talking about Mr.Jagan's political immaturity. My sincere suggestion for all of them is kindly do watch his entire speeches on any topic (be it budget or pattiseema or special category status) not the partial clips which these biased media shows. It can be clearly understood that even the experienced ministers we're not able to answer his questions and shouting unproved allegations . He has done a pretty decent job as an opposition leader as per me."
"45" "Jagan became the first leader to move a no confidence motion against Modi’s government."
"46" "While on the other hand, Jagan is receiving very good response from people for his Padayatra, due to some good will on YSR because of schemes implemented by him people want to give Jagan one chance."
"47" "Jagan should explain his vision how he would develop the state and solve issues."
"48" "Jagan should develop his cadre at ground and root level. He should select the core political advisory committee. He should appoint district in-charges, make to monitor all candidates and help them by giving advice's etc."
"49" "All candidates should work hard, need develop relationship with their respective constituency and made attractive action plans to attract neutral voters ."
"50" "It all depends on Mr Chandrababu Naidu decision to dig his own grave by dumping the BJP and aligning with the Congress or worse project a hand towards the 3rd front."
"51" "Back then Mr Naidu who was out of power in the State and Center for a long-long time and he certainly wasn't the most liked person to be CM during the then Andhra-Telangana State division crisis."
"52" "The Congress had no leaders to fulfill the vacum created by the untimely death of YSR, who had clearly driven the TDP to be non player in Andhra Pradesh politics. The Congress was also spooked by TRS which fully capitalised on a lack of federal governance and high command confusion with agitation and violent protests. Spooked and ill advised Congress jumped on the decision which it had kept in an animated state for a long time, this not only barred the Congress from winning any seats in the divided Andra State but also pitched the battle for the state between YSR Congress and TDP."
"53" "This is when Chandra Babu Naidu played a master stroke and by surprising everyone in the 3rd front he announced a second time alliance with the BJP, which was on a role under the newly announced PM candidate Mr Narendra Modi. He not only gained by jumping on the bandwagon on the Modi wave(some still call it a tsunami) but also managed to mute the aspirations of Jagan who had managed to get some limelight and had already put the state Congress on a back foot until the bifurcation of the State."
"54" "Naidu managed to shift the goal post and the fight was now between Congress against TDP-BJP making TRS a bystander."
"55" "With the present TDP-BJP bad blood Jagan could spring a master stroke like what Naidu used against him in the last election."
"56" "Yes,no doubt ys jagan will be our cm in 2019 because after his father's death he's the only politician spending his life with the people through out country almost he's spending 270/365 with the people through his bands ,darnas,deekshas on various issues ,yatras . He's having a clear vision on what he'll do if he is the next cm , he's is the man of credibility…"
"57" "Yes"
"58" "Yes i feel"
"59" "If he goes with bjp he will became cm"
"60" "YS Jagan mohan Reddy though enthusiastic he suffers from all the more —the sense of proportion and the lack of judgement regarding every issue that he takes up.For example,he declared more than once that he would become a CM of Andhra in short. And also tried to to bully employees in this mask. His father image made him popular in politics. He has no any particular clear vision of AP development.Further more, the pending cases against him has become a strong weapon for his rivals . It is a scourge and final straw for his political uplift.One main reason for his good performance in the general elections in 2014 is his own media which is maverick in nature and ever ready to make ‘much ado about nothing’. It is little wonder YSR CONGRESS’ WAS OFFICIALLY INTERPRETED AS Y=YUVATA , S=SHRAMIKA , R=RYTU . But YSR is displayed at every nook and corner. However, Jagan has to refurbish his tarnished image in order to realize his dreams. On the other hand Chandra Babu is a political giant who remains unparalleled till date,despite the maligning onslaughts against him in social media. More over,the TDP circles are much sanguine about their victory in 2019. So the political battle in A.P. is an unequal one. Jagan can not emulate him on his own. But ATTRACTING YSR MLAs into his party is also not a right step for Naidu’s image."
"61" "Jagan is a good opposition leader but he doesn't deserve a position like chief minister.Most of the time, I even think that jagan do not deserve as an opposition leader because he is spoiling the image of the state. His main curiosity is to become a CM but it shouldn't be at the cost of damaged overall image of the state.In his curiosity of becoming CM, he is uplifting the religious and caste politics which leads to harmful impact on the thinking of the people.Instead uplifting the caste and religious politics, he could focus on ethical politics."
"62" "Jagan Mohan Reddy can become Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh. For this, he should have required number of elected representatives which in turn depends on his popularity and political acumen among the people. Let us analyze whether he can garner these traits by the time elections are due.Political Acumen: Many a time in the Assembly he proved that he is less prepared to face a seasoned politician like Chandrababu Naidu. And the things like his 'deeksha' for ryots, unable to protect his party leaders from defections, channel propaganda and Social media image doesn't improve his image at all across different sections of people.Popularity: During the general elections in 2014, he was the most popular leader (YSR image and vexation with CBN aided his image). But his work as opposition leader doesn't garner any additional bonus neither to him nor to his party. Also the elections to assembly will happen along with General elections. In this scenario, he needs to face with combo of CBN and Modi along with Actor cum politician Pawan Kalyan who declared he 	would foray into electoral politics from 2019.Elected Representatives: This in turn depends on his popularity and political acumen.So, if you consider the above, he need to tread against many adversaries to become Chief Minister. Right now the future looks bleak for him."
"63" "No doubt ys jagan is the best among the twoHere credibility matters….cbn don't have this credibility from past many years .Patience …jaganmohanreddy spending his life almost with the people from 2009 to upto now there's no incidence of lossing his temperTrust….Every man in ap knows the opposite word for trust that's chandrababu.From now ap people won't trust him he cheated in all the promises he included in his manifestoCraze…jagan is the most searched Google politician in south about his prajasankalpayatraYouth….jaganYes,no doubt ys jagan will be our cm in 2019 because after his father's death he's the only politician spending his life with the people through out country almost he's spending 270/365 with the people through his bands ,darnas,deekshas on various issues ,yatras . He's having a clear vision on what he'll do if he is the next cm , he's is the man of credibility"
"64" "Yes.He is better for 2019 at least he has realistic agenda.Unlike CBN Who made 650 promises and full filled none.jagan openly said what he can do and what he can't do.We can see CBN is out of new ideas ,he always try to calm the opposition instead taking farward state.CAN Blames every thing ion opposition for his own failures.instead jagan fighting for people's cause. As far about CBI CASES they should enquire quickly.and cbi cases diluted in the minds of people BECAUSE of rampart corruption of CAN got. Un like can who focus is cities and rich areas Jagans focus sis on underdeveloped areas like ra ya later see a ,prakasham and north andhra .Wich will balance development of ap.and also there are many reasons like he is young,and legacy of ysr"
"65" "Y.S JAGAN MOHAN REDDY the way he is listening to the people about their problems interacting with them makes him as a leader born for the people.Jagan Reddy is the only leader who has been fighting for the special status and kept the issue live.He is the only leader who can develop AP,navartnas which he said will help for the betterment of all communities. Jagan Reddy wont give any false promises that shows the difference between Jagan Reddy and cbn(almost 600 false promises) .I am sure that state will develop only Jagan Reddy as cm."
"66" "I come from srikakulam district in andra pradesh. From what i hear around my family and friends, it would be extremely difficult for him to come to power. I myslef have seen many people (literally entire cadre) have joined tdp in past two years."
"67" "There is a lot of unhappiness in people of new andhra against the present government. They given the mandatory to an experienced person in 2014. But results are not sufficient.People want a change but other option is only Jagan. 60% chance for Jagan unless any trump card played by other groups.Even in 2014 elections 2% vote share decided the win loss. So the war is very interesting"
"68" "Yes,no doubt ys jagan will be our cm in 2019 because after his father's death he's the only politician spending his life with the people through out country almost he's spending 270/365 with the people through his bands ,darnas,deekshas on various issues ,yatras . He's having a clear vision on what he'll do if he is the next cm , he's is the man of credibility…"
"69" "Very remoteWith a spate of cases of ED and FEMA violations it will become difficult to overcome all these impediments.Besides appeasement politics will make him nor acceptable to others"
"70" "DuckDuckGo has been a profitable company since 2014 without storing or sharing any personal information on people using our search engine. As we like to say, what you search on ..."
"71" "He will become the CM of AP for sure if he is going to maintain the same anti government hype in the people."
"72" "Reasons why he have to become CM:"
"73" "1)He is the only leader in Indian history to spend more than 280 days for now in the people by padayatra(prajasankalpa yatra)."
"74" "2)Standing on the promise is the main thing to be observed in a leader. If you observe from the day one,he made his stand clear.He stood by the word whoever gives the Special Category Status to AP,he will support them.He sticked to his word."
"75" "3)He is the only leader in India to move no confidence motion against the BJP government."
"76" "4)We can see leaders loosing their patience on public during many incidents.But YS.Jagan walking thousands of kilometres,never lost his patience atleast once.Thats shows his love toward people."
"77" "5)Though everyone criticised him,he never gave up.Now the people who has done so are waiting for his call to join his party."
"78" "6)Though they tried to divert him in Assembly meetings,he never got diverted from the topics.He roared in the Assembly producing all the proofs in detail with accurate number of crores in scams."
"79" "7)He introduced “Navaratnalu” which include schemes like arogyasree,fees reinversment,etc.He gave his word that he will make sure to fulfill all the schemes in navaratnalu once he came into power."
"80" "8)Many leaders think twice to move forward when the government put illegal cases on them.But jagan didn’t care any of them,that’s what made him a people’s leader,that’s what made him a rebel."
"81" "9)He is well educated,very fluent in English,a student with first class grade from Hyderabad Public School."
"82" "10)We all know about “Padmavyuham” in Mahabharata.Thats what he repeated in AP politics.Even in Parliament modhi also talked abou this,he said “I asked Chandra Babu to stay careful as he is going to get trapped in jagan Mohan Reddy’s trap”.He made TDP to withdraw their support to BJP in central and made TDP to support Special Category Status."
"83" "The one who observes all these will definitely vote jagan in the coming elections.He is going to form government and that’s for sure."
"84" "How is the 2019 CM in AP?"
"85" "What will be the fate of AP if Jaganmohan became the CM in 2019?"
"86" "Will Nara Chandrababu Naidu win as the CM for AP?"
"87" "If YS Jagan Mohan Reddy will be the CM of Andhra Pradesh in 2019, where will he rule from, Amaravati or Hyderabad?"
"88" "How much chance is there for YS Jagan to become CM in 2019?"
"89" "Yes,no doubt ys jagan will be our cm in 2019 because after his father's death he's the only politician spending his life with the people through out country almost he's spending 270/365 with the people through his bands ,darnas,deekshas on various issues ,yatras . He's having a clear vision on what he'll do if he is the next cm , he's is the man of credibility…"
"90" "No doubt ys jagan is the best among the two"
"91" "Here credibility matters….cbn don't have this credibility from past many years ."
"92" "Patience …jaganmohanreddy spending his life almost with the people from 2009 to upto now there's no incidence of lossing his temper"
"93" "Trust….Every man in ap knows the opposite word for trust that's chandrababu.From now ap people won't trust him he cheated in all the promises he included in his manifesto"
"94" "Craze…jagan is the most searched Google politician in south about his prajasankalpayatra"
"95" "Youth….jagan"
"96" "Anybody can become CM. Jagan has some following among the masses bcoz of his father YSR. But Jagan is known for self goals."
"97" "He has to change himself and start respecting elders and think twice before commenting anyone. Being an opposition leader, he has to choose his words wisely. Recently his comments on Kapu reservations and personal remarks on Pawan kalyan and Chandrababu attracted lot of negativity. If he doesn’t change then he has to wait for another 5yrs."
"98" "Current situation in AP is still like ‘It’s anybody’s game’. TDP and YCP has equal chances. It all depends on how impact Pawan can make and how much spoil he is going to do to YCP by taking anti incumbency vote share."
"99" "In my view Y s jagan will be next CM"
"100" "Yes he will be the next cm of great andhra Pradesh"

